,title_body
1,"[AITA] Threw my parent's donuts away My parents are diabetic, morbidly obese, and addicted to food. I'm the same, minus the diabetes. I've been trying for a while to eat healthily and lose weight. So have they, but yet every time they go to the store, they bring home junk food. I understand that it's hard for them, but it's also hard to stay on track with my healthier lifestyle when there's junk food all around me. Plus, they're getting older, so it is crucial for them to get healthy now. A few weeks ago, they brought home 4 bags of donuts, and I emptied each pack into the trash. Am I an asshole for this? **Edit:** I love all the responses. Got one ""no"", one ""maybe"", and one ""yes"". I agree with all of you. **"
5,"AITA Had a disagreement about Les Miserables with a coworker. I love the musical *Les Miserables*. A coworker of mine said that they didn't like it. I asked why and they said, among other things, that ""it's not a musical, it's an opera."" Now, I happen to be an opera singer. I told them adamantly that it is NOT an opera. There are a number of things that make this true, but if you can take my word for it- and I hope you can- it's not a matter of opinion whether a mainstream musical is an opera or not. It is a musical, period. My coworker thought otherwise. ""My boyfriend writes musicals and he agrees with me"" was the extent of her argument. Well, he may well write musicals but that doesn't mean he knows anything about opera. You might as well ask a jazz pianist to tell you about Beethoven- it's not the same area of expertise even if it's related. I told her ""You're entitled to your opinion even if it's wrong"" in a sort-of joking way. Maybe I was being dickish. I gotta know- am I the asshole?"
6,"[ATIA] I permanently give a customer decaf. His name is Scoop. Over the two years I have worked for this coffee shop, he has told us our store or another store has made his drink wrong, or he spilled it, returning to us an empty cup, or nothing at all. He then asks to have another one. He is sixty. He flirts with all the young (20-30s) women who wait in line. He had a one minute conversation with my mother once in line and now asks me every time, ""How is the family?"" as if he knows me. He chats up all of the wealthy businessmen who come in. I permanently give him decaf. Am I the asshole?"
7,"[AITA] My roommate has many undesirable qualities, but I may be talking about him too much. I'm a college student. My first roommate dropped out in October, and I got a new one to start he 2nd semester. He's the worst. Here's some of the undesirable qualities about him. * Incredible snoring. I had no clue someone could snore this loud and not wake his or her self up until now. He sounds like a fucking animal sometimes. He tops it off by moaning in his sleep after the loudest snores. You can hear it throughout my entire suite, even with doors clothes. I haven't approached him about it, but I know he knows about it. A friend of his spent the night in our room a few weekends ago, and one of the first things she said was ""have you told him about your snoring??"" He kind of brushed it off and quickly changed the subject. So he knows. He has to know. It's too loud not to know. This is fine, you can't help snoring sometimes. That being said, he sleeps *12 fucking hours a day*. On Mondays like today he sleeps for 8 hours then naps for 4 hours during the day. Nothing like coming to your dorm from a long day of class to your jackhammer going berzerk in the bed next to you. I'm not to pleased. Why does he sleep so much? It connects to my next point... * He's a lazy fuck. He's very fat, and makes no attempt to change that. He has the attitude that everyone is perfect just the way they are, and no one should change. I think it's because it would be hard for him to change for the better. He eats insane amounts of food sometimes. In addition to this, he doesn't do anything recreational. All I see him do with his time is sleep, go to class (which is fantastic), lay on his bed with his laptop, and sit in the lounge of my dorm. He doesn't help with room keep up at all. Most of these qualities seem pretty innocuous, but let me get to my last quality.. * He is an absolute immature cretin on social media. His stream of conscience reminds me of my 13 year old sister. He tweets about Disney, vodka, complaining, and preaching. Recently the city my college is located in (Raleigh) had a snowstorm that included a traffic emergency. Everything was on lockdown. That didn't stop him from ordering his second pizza of the day, making the delivery guy walk to give it to him and brag about it on twitter. Just tonight, he tweeted that a ""stupid bitch was facetiming on the top of her lungs in the study lounge like a valley girl, girl please shut up with your iphone 3"". I knew the girl facetiming, so this kinda got under my skin. She wasn't even in the study lounge!. I got to talking with all my friends about it. Tonight though, I thought about something. I am talking"
8,"[AITA] Hockey Fan I went to a hockey game at my college and since I didn't have season tickets to sit in the student section, got the nosebleed seats around center ice about 6 rows from the top. It was against our rivals, so the seats were packed. Every time the action came around the boards on our side, I had to stand up to see what was happening. I also stood when we got close to scoring a goal. The people behind me were pissed that I kept standing up and told me to just watch what was happening on the jumbotron. My thoughts were that if I wanted to sit down and watch the game on a screen, I would have stayed at home and watched from my couch. What are your thoughts; am I the asshole?"
9,"[AITA] Door to door sales person Door to door sales person came to my door around 9:15pm trying to peddle some attic insulation and asking if I've received my rebate. I interrupted him mid sentence by saying ""I'm putting my kids to bed and I'm not interested"" (which I truly was doing) he tried to counter but I was already shutting the door in his face . Am I the asshole for not hearing him out?"
10,"[AITA] Gave my friend some peanuts, asked for some later. I was in France this summer with two of my friends and I was eating some peanuts on the train into the city. I was full so I gave the rest to one of my friends and said he could keep them. A few hours later we were at the fountain that's outside the Louvre and the Arc that isn't the Arc de Triumf, it's like the red granite looking one with like a gold chariot on it. Anyway I was like hey can I have some of those peanuts, and my ""friend"" was like ""No way dude you gave those to me."" I didn't have any other food so I was like wtf, can I have like one of your protein bars or something and he was like no, I was like are you fucking kidding me and grabbed his backpack as collateral for a handful of peanuts, and he was like fine take your fucking peanuts AND THREW THEM IN THE FOUNTAIN. I gave his backback back so that I wouldn't make more of a scene. His excuse was that he carried this bag of peanuts which weighed maybe 5 ounces. He is adamant that he was in the right and I was out of line, so did the other friend I was with, I felt like I was in the Twilight Zone, so tell me am I the asshole?"
11,"[AITA] Missing my Cousin-in-Law's Wedding to Be With my Mom During her Chemo I don't get along with my in-laws very well. A lot of it comes down to us being from different cultures, but most of my well-intended mistakes have been interpreted as offensive. I do get along with my aunt & uncle-in-law and they've attempted to stick up for me to my in-laws. My cousin-in-law is getting married in a few weeks. I get along with her but I'm not close to her. I've been dreading the wedding because interactions with my in-laws are always very stressful. A month ago, my mom was diagnosed with extremely aggressive breast cancer. She's stage 4 with type 4 lymphoma. While the doctors have a lot of optimism, there's a very real chance it could be fatal. The doctors are rushing her into treatment before the cancer metastasizes. Her second chemo treatment, the ""bad one"" as the doctors call it, is the same day as my cousin-in-law's wedding. My mom lives 400 miles away; my cousin-in-law is local. My mom is terrified of the chemo. I planned on being there for all her chemo treatments since I telecommute and my boss has told me to be wherever I need to be in order to take care of my mom. Last night, my wife asked me what suit I plan on wearing to her cousin's wedding. I told her I'm not going because the wedding is the same weekend as one of my mom's chemo treatments and I need to be there for my mom. My wife told me she didn't use an excuse out of my cousin's wedding. [AITA] #1: I angrily replied my wife was being unfair because no one in her family was dying of cancer when my cousin was getting married. [AITA] #2: My wife replied my mom isn't dying, just very ill, so it would be selfish of me to take care of her. I told my wife she was being an asshole and walked away. I'm struggling with the ethics on this one. I believe taking care of sick family always comes first no matter whose side of the family is sick. Is that a wrong thing to believe?"
13,"Argument with a friend via text message (may be long) I'm likely going to get some flak for arguing with someone over the phone, but the fact that I couldn't speak with her face-to-face was actually the reason this whole thing happened in the first place. This former friend of mine often met with me for lunch or coffee or whatever every so often, and we'd make a day of it, as we lived in towns roughly 100 miles apart. To do this, we typically arranged something via text message, which worked totally fine. Anyway, the last time I saw her was in November, and admittedly she was, at the time anyway, busy with a number of commitments and problems that had come up. However, I have my own commitments including a job and voluntary events, and she was totally aware of this, as well as being aware that I was also similarly going through a number of issues of my own. It cannot have been an issue of time as she had more free time than I do and a lot more money than me too, despite being on welfare benefits and getting things like a house (something I would so desperately love) pretty much given to her. Then she meets me and whines about how terrible the house is or how she's bored sitting in the house all day, knowing fine and well I've got to work for the little money I earn. Anyway, we agreed in November that we'd try and meet in December, just before Christmas. When this didn't happen, I hoped that we could at least have a coffee before the New Year came round and I would be busy at work. In both cases it was always some excuse or another, and eventually New Year came without me hearing a single word from her. So come the middle of January I rang her and asked her what was happening. She promised me **faithfully** that in two weeks time (the start of Febuary) she'd meet me. This, like the other previous times, she told me she couldn't meet me and it would be two weeks before she could meet me. I told her that she should ring me in a week and let me know what was happening, as I'd had some holidays booked from work and so was freer than usual to meet. I made a point of waiting until last week to give her some space, but when the usual promise of meeting in two week's time got trotted out, I gave her an ultimatum via text. I'll bulletpoint the texts in paraphrased fashion: * **Text 1**: Look, all I'm asking for is a date. I've got my work and I'm also bored of getting messed around, bearing in mind I'm being promised you'll meet me. *Her response: Yeah well I've got problems in my life and all I'm trying to do is be a good friend, and you're making demands of me and being horrible to me.* **Text 2**: Well yeah, I've got problems"
14,"[AITA] Staying at my parents house I'm a twenty year old student who has lived away from home for the past three and a half years. I'm taking a semester off and spending a month and a half of it at my parents house. This is the longest time that I have spent at their house in the past three and a half years for a slew of reasons. I usually only come home for a few days around holidays and then ship off back to school. I did not want to spend this much time at home, my parents basically bribed me back by paying my rent and bills for the month of February and March. I'm not trying to sound ungrateful or unappreciative, I really appreciate their help, but I have been completely financially independent for the past three years and that is the way that I like it. I don't mind providing for myself and being responsible for myself financially, I actually prefer it because I don't feel obligated to other people. However, my parents were extremely adamant about me spending some time at home over my break. They don't fully understand my reasonings for taking this semester off and think that it's because I am unstable or something, which is untrue I simply needed a break like many students. Anyways, I've been here and been absolutely miserable. I hate the job that I'm working here and absolutely prefer the one at school. I don't have many friends here so I've been incredibly bored. Lastly, I have been fighting nonstop with my parents and just don't get along with my dad at all. Every conversation we have blows up into an unproportional argument involving tons of shit from the past and I end up saying really terrible things and feeling like a piece of shit. I try to avoid anything other than meaningless remarks about the t.v. show we're watching or how food tastes so this doesn't happen because I feel terrible constantly arguing with him when I'm in his home and he's paying for all of my stuff. But he keeps prying at things and me until I ultimately end up saying things that I really regret and feeling like an ungrateful piece of shit. Am I the asshole for just not wanting to come home at all because I knew that this is what it would be like or should I just suck everything up because they're paying for my shit?"
15,"Was ItA? This takes place a year ago. Me and a friend of 8 years stopped being friends over this. It pisses me off every time I remember it. Okay; so I'm going to start with the fact that I am a relatively young redditor (15) and this took place a year ago. We were sitting during lunch and this chick we use to hang out would usually give him her leftovers. So this day I asked her prior if I could have her leftovers, and she said ok. When I reminded her he was like ""dude what the fuck I asked her first"" and I told him how I asked prior and she gave me the leftovers. He flipped out and did this huge rant on how I'm a ""huge liar"" and how I lie so much (which wasn't true by the way, I pretty much only lied like a little kid normally would in 2nd grade.) and I think it was only to make me look bad; he left and moved as far away as possible. We haven't talked since. I don't know his side and I probably never will, but my speculation was that he may have liked the girl or something."
16,"Ok, I weighed in on some of you, so I suppose I should share my own AITA. This is kind of long, so bear with me. A couple years ago my 19-year-old son got a new gf. After I met her, I told my son (let's call him Tyler) that I thought Katie* was really sweet and smart and looked like she liked to eat. Ok, I know that sounds bad, but Tyler's previous gf Dakota was borderline and refused to eat in front of anyone, and it always bothered me. I mean, if Tyler invites you over for a holiday meal, at least sit at the table and play with your food. I guarantee no one would notice, but they will notice you sitting on the couch sulking. But I digress, and I had to, to make the rest make sense. About a year later, Tyler and Katie were hanging out here and he tells her what I said. She looked kind of upset, and I know she thought I was making a comment about her weight, but I swear I wasn't. I explained the whole Dakota situation, which she should've understood because she knew her and hated her with a passion. I apologized, and explained what I meant. I thought we were good. Cut to **three** months later. I'm at work and get a text from Katie's mom: ""You're a fucking bully! How dare you talk to an 18-year-old child like that. You told my daughter she was a fat pig!"" What? She texts back: ""You're a sad pathetic cunt picking on a child."" This goes on and on. I mean, I thought we were friends. This literally came out of fucking nowhere! I tried to explain that I love to cook, and I love when people come over and they like to eat. I really don't give a shit that the girl weighed 200 pounds. Whatever. My son loved her, so I loved her. So am I an asshole for saying a girl looks like she likes to eat?"
17,"Roommate is annoying the shit out of me and I confronted him about it. OK. I'm the type of person that enjoys a quiet environment. I could stand some noise here and there, people talking around me, etc. But I cannot stand sharp noises like knocking on wood out coughing. I can tolerate it for a few minutes but when it's a constant thing throughout the day I it asks me so much. My roommate does these type of noises constantly. He bands his fingers against a wooden bed frame all day. And he coughs every 10 minutes which makes me want to pull my hair out. It is a dry cough but he choughs with his mouth completely open without covering his mouth or trying to make it less noisy. I tried using earplugs and sound proof earphones and I could still hear it. I guess he caught a slight cold in these past couple of weeks because I like to leave the window open because it makes me sleep better but there window is closer to him so he felt more colder. So I agreed to close it since he is sick with the condition that he tries t keep the finger banging (hehe) down and tries to make his coughs less apparent to me. He just told me that I'm just a jerk who complains to much. Is it too much to ask for though? Am I asshole for asking a sick roommate to keep down his coughing?"
19,"Am I an asshole for not wanting to be friends with my coworker?? work with a girl name Meg, she's really sweet and everything but she definitely has some problems. Meg has a physical disability and I think that she might have some learning disabilities and lacks social skills. Over the last couple of years she has latched herself onto me and I have to constantly listen to all of her problems no matter how big or small they are. Our conversations are very one-sided with her just running her mouth constantly about how she hates her job, coworkers, family, and the list goes on. Whenever I try to chime in with my problems she turns the conversation back to herself, I can tell she's at least trying to be empathetic but it doesn't really work. Here is an example: I had a blood vessel rupture in my retina and she tells me that sometimes the scab on her leg bleeds(yeah, because that's fucking similar!!!!!). She knows what a retina is by the way, she just has to constantly talk about herself.I dont know if she's nacrissist or just super lonely. I feel bad that shes lonely but at the same time, i REALLY dont want to be her friend. Im so tired of her and when i know that i will be working with her for the day i always feel like shit. I'm usually a laid back and somewhat happy person but when I talk to Meg I feel stressed out and drained afterwords from just listening to her and my guilt of wanting her get the fuck away from me. Am I an asshole for not wanting to befriend a miserable lonely coworker??What about the fact that she has a really bad handicap??"
20,"Standing up at a John Mayer concert Hi /r/AmITheAsshole! I just heard this community exists and I thought it would be the perfect place to talk about this. I posted the whole story in /r/pettyrevenge and got a really mixed bag of responses, so I'm curious what people here think. Basically, I was at a John Mayer concert, in a pretty good seat but off to the side (not in the pit, which is relevant). When JM came out, he was playing a really rockin' tune, so I stood up and started jamming out. I would say ~90% of the people in the arena were standing for this, but my section was a disproportionately sitting one. I was really the only one in the immediate area standing. I would stand and sit intermittently as the songs went on based on the dance-factor of the song and how much I liked it. At one point while I was standing up, two women about four rows behind me started throwing popcorn at me and yelling at me to sit down. I got really embarrassed and sat, but after a few minutes I was upset with how they had handled it, so a few songs later, I stood back up (with the help of my girlfriend and a few other people around us who had scene the exchange). By this point a few other isolated people/couples had done the same for a couple songs at a time. My ""petty revenge"" was subtly encouraging people around me to stand up, helping create a majority so that a.) it would be fine for me to stand and b.) the women would have a harder time telling 20 people to sit down. To be fair, I was a lot meaner in the telling in /r/pettyrevenge, so [here is the link] if you'd like to read it and the ensuing comments. I just kind of assumed people would be on my side, as you can tell by my whiny edit at the top. Am I the asshole? I want to believe I'm not, mostly because I think throwing popcorn at someone is incredibly rude, at which point I didn't care, and I would have responded much more sympathetically to a more gentle approach. Other people felt that I was not entitled to any courtesies because I started the asshole train by standing in the first place, and honestly I understand that too, which is why I sat down in the first place. I didn't want to be rude and block views. But I also believed that I wasn't in the wrong to stand given the nature of the act--he's got some jams and is very encouraging of light dancing. Still, for people that just wanted to sit down and enjoy the show, I was definitely hurting the experience. Please let me know what you think. **tl;dr** Stood up at a concert, got popcorn'd, stood back up later, encouraging others to do the same."
21,"AITA for complaining about my co-worker? I'll try to keep it short... I work in a restaurant, I am a waitress and my co-worker is a door host (i.e. greets customers, takes them to tables and so on). So on Saturday night, place is really busy, I have a million things to do, just the usual. Co-worker sits a table of four and spends about ten minutes standing there talking to them. Door hosts usually just give them menus, tell them info about the place and hand them off to me. He finally stops chatting and waves me over and says they want to order. For the rest of the time they are there he is CONSTANTLY coming over to them, for a good 10 minutes at a time, leaving the other door host, who has worked there for 2 days, by herself on the door. They want to order more drinks and instead of telling me, which is standard procedure, he goes off to the bar and gets them himself. I ended up having to ask them what they had so I can add it to the bill which I find really unprofessional. They ask for the bill, I drop it and go to the back to get a drink for someone, and I come back to find him taking the payment. Now door hosts are not floor or till trained, they are in no way allowed to use the micros, put in orders or take payments. However I'm not going to go charging up in front of guests and grab the card machine from him so I let it happen. I then find out at the end of the night he was boasting to other members of staff that my table gave him a £10 tip and he's keeping it. So I put in a complaint to management, the next day they have an investigation meeting, I was on the floor at the time and during the course of the meeting he is crying and getting really upset. And now I feel bad. AITA? TL:DR Untrained door host steals my table and my tip, is generally unprofessional, I get angry and complain. He cries."
22,"AItA for having feelings and sleeping with my close friend whose in a relationship? Met this guy at a social gathering and became close friends with him quickly. We talk everyday and hang out a on average 2-3 times a week. We started hugging more often, then cuddling during movies/t.v at my place and one night after one too many beers we start making out and have sex twice that night, he ends up sleeping in my bed and the next morning I discuss it with him. We both decided it would be best if it didn't happen again, that neither of us regret the action and that we shouldn't tell his boyfriend about it. That we should try to go back to how things were. That works for a little while until one evening we end up sleeping together again. This time we talk a little more in depth about it, I tell him I like him a lot and he tells me that he thinks I'm cute and funny but that he's confused about his feelings toward me and that he's not the best at figuring his feelings out. He did say he knows that he's not ready to give up on his relationship yet and that it wouldn't be fair to me or him if I waited around for him. Despite being hurt by his words, he was very gentle about it and stressed that he would hate it if this ruined our friendship. So now we're back to being friends, we still talk pretty frequently and hang out every week. Basically, everything is nearly identical to how things were prior to having sex. The only issue is that I still have these feelings and I'm trying to get over them. I don't want to change anything between us because I think that would hurt too much. **tl;dr My personal life has become a Taylor Swift song and it sucks** *Side Note: He confided in me after a month of being friends about his relationship problems and I learned that the boyfriend has a history of mental ailments (the BF claims to have Dissociative Identity Disorder) and neglected him for 7 months and cheated on him (my friend saw messages from other guys that are very incriminating). Point is, there's clearly a lot of latent animosity and it's all become unhealthy but he's trying to still ""make it work.""*"
23,AITA: Skiing on school trip and tried to stop but slid into a senior. He cursed me off and I felt like shit. He was waiting at the side if a slope and I was having trouble stopping because of the ice and ended up backwards sliding into him. He called me a fuck face retard and some other shit along those lines.
24,"Inheritance My parents are offended that I do not want their King's Crown when they pass, and that I said they should give it all to my siblings. Am I an asshole? Kings Crown is ""fancy"" glassware."
25,"[AItA] Kid who would knowingly flirt and stuff with my ex-gf is apparently good friends with my current gf... And I fucking hate his guts. He is such a piece of crap. My ex had a crush on him and I had to deal with it, but he knew we were together. A lot of people think he is attractive and my current gf just posted on his wall that she ""missed him and to come back into his life"". I know that's just how she talks and she doesn't mean anything by it, but it fucking hurts. She does not know the story, but I might tell her... I am not a controlling person nor would I ever attempt to limit her in any way. But she needs to understand how that status made me feel given the context; I hardly see her (once a week alone time for the past 2 weeks), she don't show me a lot of affection in public (hugs, sometimes kisses but not like I expect), so I am generally frustrated. How do she think her seeing this kid, given our history, makes me feel? So would I be an asshole for telling her about him and me and being upset at her comment?"
26,"Confronted my girlfriend about her ""lunch date"" I recently confronted my current girlfriend about a lunch date that she had with an ex-boyfriend of hers. Deets: She and I have been dating for a little over 8 months now. We are of completely opposite personalities, yet we have the most beautiful connection; something that I've never felt before. Recently we had to get rid of some lawn furniture that we didn't need and after a Craig'sList post her ex-boyfriend responded and accepted the furniture. Mind you, we are very open and honest with each other in our relationship, but recent conversations have me miffed --> She wants to invite her ex-boyfriend over for dinner because she ""misses the friendship"" that they had. I'm pretty sure they had a lunch date together today, without her telling me about it. Am I The Asshole for confronting her about my intuition and gut feelings, or am I the asshole for her going on a platonic ""lunch date"" with her ex-boyfriend?"
27,"[Update] Thanks to this sub, I'm more careful about what I say to people, since I was rightfully judged to be the asshole. So I posted a situation a little while back, and you guys were right. I kind of knew it all along. Tyler's got a new gf now, and she loves me!"
28,"AITA for selling an unreliable product? Hi everyone, a while ago I bought a water filter that is used for hiking or other outdoor activities. Its purpose is to make dirty or contaminated water drinkable. The filter I bought was from a very well respected manufacturer (Katadyn if anyone is interested) but this specific model had some major design flaws. I sent in my filter because it had failed after a short time and got a brand new unit in return. Because I didn't really trust this filter anymore, I got one from a different brand and sold the exchanged one on a small trekking forum. That was years ago and I kind of forgot all about it. Until I stumbled upon a travel report where someone has trouble with his water filter and eventually he and his friend become sick and have to cancel their trip. He wrote that he bought the filter on the forums, so I checked and it was in fact the filter that I had sold to him... So now I feel like an asshole because I knew the filter was shit and I still sold it. On the other hand, it was a brand new unit from a respected manufacturer that is still sold at most commercial outdoor stores. Am I the asshole here?"
29,"AITA for not being appreciative enough of the help I was given? Recently I spent a good amount of time traveling around New Zealand. I had a tiny budget, so I was getting around by hitch hiking and sleeping in my tent most nights. One afternoon I was picked up by a friendly older Kiwi. It turned out his business is consulting for struggling hostels, so he very frequently meets travelers like me and picks up hitch hikers. He has traveled the country dozens of times. On the way to my destination he went out of his way to take me to some cool thermal pools and pretty sights. It was great, because I likely would have just passed straight by them if anybody else had picked me up. He was going on a speaking tour over the next week. Shortly before arriving at my destination he said, ""It's too bad your not going to this other way with me next instead. I could show you this spot and that. And I could get you free accomodation in these towns."" Since he had been so friendly, and because I wanted to be open to fun new experiences and people, I decided spur of the moment to change my plan and keep traveling with him instead. I stay in his hotel room with him that night. He got us both dinner with the food budget he had from his employer. He then suggested we buy some alcohol, and asks if I don't mind paying since he got dinner. I had planned on giving up drinking at this point in my trip to save money, but I was happy to since he was being so nice and helpful to me. I bought a couple bottles of wine that got polished off pretty fast. And he ended up sharing a lot of whiskey that he had brought, so he was definitely giving back more than he was asking. We probably stayed up till 2 in the morning drinking, and had some great conversation. The next day we move on to the next city, and basically repeat the night before. I buy a couple bottles of wine, and he very insistently makes me take a couple whiskey shots. At this point his personality is really starting to grate on me, but I figure it would be rude to leave early when he is expecting me to keep traveling with him for a couple more days. Day 3, while we're driving he straight up calls me out for not being appreciative enough of him. In particular, he said that I should be making more of an effort to buy food or drinks. He was mad at me that he had to ask me to buy the wine, and that I wasn't pushing to do so myself. His reasoning is that I should be spending whatever money I am saving by not staying in a hostel on things that we can enjoy. He frequently hosts couch surfers, and says that is standard practice when somebody provides you with"
30,"AITA? A conversation on the recent incident where ""a 9 year old was banned from wearing an MLP backpack because it triggers bullies"" turned ugly. So this happened on reddit itself, and I'm not sure of the policy of posting reddit links, but I'll take a shot at it anyway. Basically what happened was that the commenters were discussing this occurrence, and somewhere below I saw a comment which said, >I know that ultimately, the poor kid shouldn't be bullied over his backpack, but you ever see that episode of King of the Hill where Hank refuses to let Bobby become a husky boy model and pulls him out of a fashion show at the mall just in time to avoid having a nearby group of teenagers pelt the models with donuts? Then Bobby has a revelation and realizes how spot on Hank is and thanks him? I feel like that's what's missing here- a Dad who just puts his foot down and tells him ""No, I'm sorry, but you're not taking that to school. You can hate me now, but trust me, you'll thank me for this later."" I personally disagreed with some aspects of the comment, so I thought to write a reply with my opinion on it. Granted, at this point, I had no negativity toward the commenter at all, and in fact was looking for a conversation: >That's a backward logic that should have no place in school. A few decades ago women were thoroughly shamed for wearing pants; if you were alive then and a woman being bullied was told to stop wearing pants, would you sympathize with the school's actions? It's a horrible idea and should be treated as such. Victim-blaming has no place in an institution as influential as school. Looking back, I can see how it may have came across as rude or ""attacky"". In any case, he responded back: >>That's a backward logic that should have no place in school. >When have public schools ever anything operate on anything but backwards logic? >>A few decades ago women were thoroughly shamed for wearing pants >Yes, the my little pony backpack is total analogous to women not being allowed to wear pants.*Totally.* >>f you were alive then and a woman being bullied was told to stop wearing pants, would you sympathize with the school's actions? >You should probably tell me I'd tell blacks to get to the back of the bus too, drama queen. >>It's a horrible idea and should be treated as such. >Letting your son wear a My Little Pony backpack to school? Yes, I totally agree. >>Victim-blaming has no place in an institution as influential as school. >Knowingly letting your nine year-old wear cartoon backpacks that are almost guaranteed to make other kids shit on him is pretty asinine. I realized at this point that I may have come across as overbearing, so replied trying to clear it up: >>>That's a backward logic that should have no place in school. >>When have public schools ever anything operate on anything but backwards logic?"
31,"[AITA] Just barely avoided a fender-bender in my neighborhood, the other driver follows me to my destination So, I live in a college neighborhood. I was just leaving my apartment to go to the grocery store, and I get to a ""T"" in the road. The other car, a pretty new-looking silver Audi, is driving down the straight part. I'll admit I wasn't 100% attentive at this moment, but I also think the Audi was going a bit too fast for being in a parking lot. There was no stop sign where I was, it was a situation where I was supposed to yield. I judged that the car was far enough away that I had time to make the turn, so I did. The Audi got really close to my car while I turned and had to stop. I knew I fucked up--I was pretty embarrassed so I didn't look to see the driver's face, but I could tell out of the corner of my eye that he wasn't happy. I thought ""Oh well, at least it's over. What's the worst that could happen, he follows me?"" (Which I never thought would actually happen. When this happened, he was driving in the opposite direction from where I was headed. This means he actually made an effort to stop and turn around.) Fast forward about five minutes. I parked at the grocery store. I was grabbing my stuff to get out of the car, and I heard a knock on the window. I was about to get out anyway, so I opened the door. It was someone I didn't recognize. He starts to say, ""Next time, learn how to drive!"" I immediately realized who it was, and I said, ""You followed me here...?!"" ""Yeah, you almost did some serious damage to my car. I live at--I actually work at [apartment complex], and I just don't wanna see people around there driving like that."" ""I'm really sorry...what do you want me to say? Nothing happened. I'll admit I wasn't paying full attention. I'm really sorry. I don't know what else to say."" At this point, I was really freaked out. I figured if this guy followed me, he was at least a little crazy...but after that he pretty much accepted my apology and went on his way. I feel like I should mention that while he got out of his car to talk to me, he left his car parked in the middle of the parking lot. The incident had me pretty shook up for the rest of the day. I have generalized anxiety disorder, and it's people like this who are the reason why I don't like to leave my apartment often. I told my roomies about it later, and we wondered, how far would he have followed me? What if I was driving to the other side of town? This happened a couple days ago, and I've been terrified of running into him again ever since. In my opinion, if you're so worried about your fancy car being damaged, don't bring"
32,"[AItA] Well this was a surprise. So I've been friends with a certain woman who I've had intense non-reciprocal feelings for. I've known her for roughly nine months, and we became pretty close. Just within the last week or so, her hold on my psyche has been broken, and I'm speaking more freely around her now that I'm not quite so worried about what she thinks about me. It seems like all she talks about is her exes (plural) lately. It makes me extremely uncomfortable, but up until now I didn't want to say anything. The other day we're having coffee, and it's a friendly conversation, but she starts spiraling around the same topic (her difficulties telling whether she's attracted to men as opposed to women). I tell her that she's really driving this topic into the ground, and that she's been saying the same thing over and over for ten minutes. She says that she doesn't act like an asshole when I do it (I didn't realize that I did, and I'm not sure if I do). I immediately apologize for my insensitive comment. We sit in silence for a moment, and she leaves as I sit in stunned silence asking myself what had just happened. It turned a complete 180 from friendly to hostile in a split second. I realize that this was probably something important to her to talk about, but I don't think I realized the degree to which it was. I definitely could have said something in a more delicate way or just suffered through the awkwardness inside myself (which I have done on more occasions than I can count for her), but I don't think that her tantrum was an appropriate response either."
33,"[AITA] A dispute at Cold Stone Tonight I went to Cold Stone to get a smoothie. I had $6 on me, which I knew would cover me since a smoothie is $5.59 plus tax ($5.92 total). I order my smoothie and go to the register, where the cashier tries to charge me $6.56 ($6.19 plus tax). The $5.59 plus tax price is posted on their wall, and the higher price is nowhere to be found in the store. I ask why I'm being charged so much, and they say that the price is now higher. I ask them to show me where this higher price is, and the cashier goes to the back. She comes back and says she'll give me a discount, which comes to $6.03. I hold out my $6 and tell her it's the best I can do, which is apparently good enough. I walk out with my smoothie. Am I the asshole? This higher price may have been their legitimate price, but is it reasonable to refuse to pay it if it isn't posted anywhere in the store and a lower price is posted prominently on the menu board?"
34,"AItA: The title, registration, and insurance are in my name Annie and Bonnie are parent and adult child, respectively. Bonnie and I have been, as the story starts out, romantically involved for less than 5 months. I have the ability and tools to do certain jobs that Annie and Bonnie need done. Annie wants to compensate me (which I tried to dissuade her from doing, but she insisted) but Annie doesn't have the cash she thinks the work is worth. Instead, at Bonnie’s suggestion, Annie offers to trade a vehicle worth roughly what the jobs are worth. This vehicle used to belong to her deceased son (Bonnie’s brother). It had also at that time sat idle for nearly 4 years. Because I like the vehicle and have the ability to bring it back to operating order, plus want to keep Annie happy, I accept the offer. Afterward, Annie tells me that she preferred that the vehicle not go to Bonnie after I suggested that she drive it when she wanted (Annie said she was concerned about safety, as it’s a bit top-heavy, not a hardtop, and has nothing but a basic seatbelt). I then find that Bonnie has been really wanting the vehicle anyway, even though she knew of her mother’s objections. At this point I begin to suspect that Bonnie’s running a scheme to get the vehicle despite her mother’s wishes, but since it’s just a suspicion and otherwise we’re having a great relationship, I let it go. I complete just about everything that Bonnie needed, plus some other things that come up incidentally. In the meantime, I’ve spent a good bit of money and time getting the vehicle back into operating order and making a few improvements. The jobs I need to do for Annie require that one or both of them be present or allow me access to out-of-town property. I complete a couple of days’ worth and then something weird happens. Every opportunity that I have to work for Annie, Bonnie has convinced her to take a daytrip, or some other distraction, or gives me conflicting information regarding the arrangements that keeps me from being able to complete the work. Bonnie goes quiet when I ask about this phenomenon, and our relationship falters. Despite what I feel are one-sided efforts on my part to discuss these and other issues, our relationship starts to cool at the 10-11 month mark. I make the split, finally and at the time amicably, after 14 months, with Bonnie bemoaning our “lack of communication” and telling me that only she knows what her mother REALLY wants/needs, and states that my understanding of Annie’s clear language is severely flawed. Due to this and other factors, some of the jobs that Annie needed done did not get done. I don’t feel comfortable contacting Annie directly and risking coming between her and her daughter (they’re basically the only family each of them have left in the local area). A couple of months after we split, Bonnie contacts me on Facebook, requesting that I give the vehicle"
35,"AITA for resenting my cousin's new job? Some background first which is relevant. I've always been considered the most academic of the family and so things like good grades and school performance reports weren't a negotiation, I was expected to work hard and get them. Even when I did, I was rarely given praise for it, other than a short 'well done' or 'good'. Basically I was expected to be a 'good little girl' and just do what I was told. Then there's my cousin. He basically never tried at school and left at 16 with close to nothing to show for it. He was also, and still is to some extent, allowed to do as he pleased. He just seemed content to sit on his bum, collect his unemployment money and just generally laze his life away. Any attempt to speak with him about going to college and getting some qualifications (I wasn't the one speaking to him to clarify.) or about applying for work was met with 'dunno' or 'I'm looking at a course' or 'I'm speaking to a mate' or some other lazy excuse. So skip forward to two weeks ago and a family member mentions that she's heard from someone she knows that there is this job going which my cousin should be 'perfect' to do. Stuff happens, calls get made and abraadabra, my cousin gets the job, no effort required on his part. Now part of the problem I have with the whole thing is that the same help wasn't exactly forthcoming when it came to my own jobsearching, and if anything I was made to feel quite a shitty, horrible failure of a human being by my family for it. There were times when things devolved into screaming matches (not instigated by myself for the most part) because of it. Rather it was the situation that it was down to my effort, despite my family, to find jobs, to post CVs to companies, to secure interviews and then to finally secure the job I now have. All of it was because I put in real effort and actually did something. Another part of me also feels resentment because I know that my cousin isn't the person my family thinks he is. They think he's this wonderful innocent kid, and that he's somehow on a pedestal because he'll do a few odd jobs for them now and again. Yet I've seen the other side of him for myself and I know he's just playing the goodie two-shoes act so he'll get the praise (and money/favours) from them. So, am I being an asshole or not here?"
36,"AITA in this thread about petty revenge and lost keys? Here's the OP: http://www.reddit.com/r/pettyrevenge/comments/21alb5/guy_didnt_get_his_car_key_because_he_was_rude_to/ I thought the guy in question was definitely rude, but that OP's response was a little overboard, as well. Car keys are pretty important; if I were working at guest services and I was pretty sure we had the guy's key, it goes beyond petty revenge to answer him in a way that implies I don't. Doesn't look like many people agreed with me, as I'm currently sitting at -12 - [Link] - and the first comment reply calling me an asshole is at +10. I just thought this situation was a little weird because I've never even made a comment in the negatives before, and I really don't see how I'm wrong. Obviously the guy who lost his key was really rude and shouldn't have acted that way, but OP is in the wrong, too. So yeah, AITA?"
37,"AITA for making my friend sit in the car on a ski trip? So a long time friend and I planned a ski trip to a popular mountain a few hours away. To make a long story short, when his pass gets rejected from the scanner on the second day, it turned out that the mountain only gave him a one day pass while I got the two day that we both thought we had. He had the receipt and they did only charge him for the one day lift ticket, so I'm assuming the ticket people just misheard him or hit the wrong button or something. Obviously this would be a total pain in the ass for anyone, but you would have sworn it was the worst thing that had happened to him in the past year. He threw a goddamn fit in the lift line. Me, being a little bitch for some reason (probably too nervous about confronting a friend, especially with a 4-5 hour drive in front of us), didn't really say anything. I kind of passively agreed with everything he was going on about as if I was only half paying attention. I somehow got dragged in to his plan to go confront the service desk. He did all the talking while I just kind of sheepishly sat there and presented my own lift ticket when he asked. They didn't reimburse him. Instead, he would have had to buy a second one day pass which would have been about $20 more total than just getting the two day pass in the first place. In a final act of angry principal he refused to buy the ticket and starts heading to the car to leave. I guess he expected me to go with him but seeing as how I paid full price and wanted to ride the entire second day (this was at like 10:30), I told him that I was going to stay and ride. He ended up staying in his car (he drove us) for a few hours while I stayed on the mountain. I did come back earlier than I would have otherwise, but I'm sure it was still boring as fuck for him. One thing I will say though, is that he had really been being a jerk for the entire trip. He had bitched about everything from how far the restaurant was from where we were staying, to the people we shared the lift with to how much this mountain sucked compared to the ones he normally goes to. If he hadn't had been such a dick for the past two days I would have been willing to compromise or help him out in some way, but at this point I wasn't feeling too generous towards him. The ride back was pretty awkward. Was I the asshole?"
38,"AItA for using Spotify outside the US, thus listening to music for free and listening to ads not targeted at me? I mean, it makes me feel pretty guilty. I'm Indian and used a combination of Mediahint and a VPN every 15 days to refresh the ""vacation"" time for Spotify. According to Spotify, I'm in the US, and the ads are American too. What gets me though is that none of the products that are advertised on Spotify even come close to bearing relevance for me. ProFlowers advertises a bouquet for an ""offer"" amount of my parents' weekly grocery budget. I could go on listing the ads from McDonald's products that will never be available here to ""superior"" motor oil by some startup introduced by a gruff announcer who sounds like he gargles gears for a living, but accusations of being a shill are never more than the mention of a successful product away. One moment I'm listening to Let it Go for the hundredth time, and when it's done, I listen to one of these ads that is my ""tax"" of sorts for all this legally free music. But it's useless. I'm ripping off talented artists whose income comes majorly from these ads that I couldn't possibly get anywhere by clicking from Madurai. The only price I'm paying is time. Am I the asshole?"
39,"Kids go into empty house next door. AITA for calling the cops? The house next door is vacant. Two weeks ago, I come home and three young males, high school age, come out of the gate on the fence between my home and that house. As they walk away I shout at them that I'm calling the cops if I see them again doing that. They get into a new Camaro that's parked at the end of the street and drive off. I didn't get the plate number. I figure they're in there smoking shit or something. Didn't look thugish. I call security. Just to let them know what happened. They show up with the cops in tow. They go into the house, find all the sliding doors and windows open and close them. This afternoon I see an SUV parked at the same spot. I get suspicious. I peek over the fence and yep, there's a window and a sliding door open. Security says call the cops this time. I come out to wait for the cops and there's the black Camaro with 2 young males in it, just idling by the curb one house down from the vacant one. They drive off. 3 cruisers show up. I explain it's not THAT big a deal, I just want a report filed. Report gets written up. I get a copy. AITA for making a fuzz about some kids going into the house next door to smoke some weed? They didn't look like thugs. Just some kids from the neighborhood. Cops said it reeked the last time when they went in. Just some kids hiding out to smoke some shit. But. This is Miami. We live next to the wall inside a gated community and there's nothing on the other side of the wall but empty lot. We got broken into two years ago. A dude was murdered walking to work one morning less than a mile from our backyard. A couple was killed for their car a half mile down the street from that. You get the picture. The guy across has seen them numerous times going in there and never called security or the cops. This is what's making me doubt myself. Maybe he sees them, figures it pretty harmless and doesn't bother. Cops show up on these kids and they could get arrested, screw up their lives, and for what? for hiding out to smoke some dope? But the house is not theirs. It's vacant. It's private property. Now the windows are open. Anyone can go in there. I'm looking at the window every little knock I hear now. I actually *want* to be the overreacting asshole because that would mean I don't have anything to be so worried about."
40,"for sticking to my guns here? (from Reddit) I don't know why this happens every time I mention smoking. Maybe Reddit is secretly super anti-tobacco and I just never noticed? [here]( http://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/comments/21ou6v/its_time_for_me_to_take_controlnow_where_the_hell/cgfc40j ) is the conversation in question. I came to /r/personalfinance looking for help. Don't get me wrong, I got it--but in the thread I'm sharing here, I got repeatedly prodded for my lifestyle choices as well. I'll admit, I list it a little at the end there. I felt it was justified, but the karma counter seems to disagree. Am I the asshole here?"
41,"Stuck in the middle of my parents messy divorce Not sure if this is exactly the right sub, please redirect me if needed. Okay so for context, I'm a 21 year old male and my parents divorced about 3 years ago after many years of fighting. The divorce has been very ""messy"" with my parents constantly putting me and my 17 year old brother in the middle. Both my brother and I live with my mom and see my dad a few times a week. Both my mom and I work at a hardware store together. My dad came in yesterday, like he usually does every now and then, looking at some clearance items in flooring and decided he wanted to buy some plus order some more. I told him I'd handle it all and call him later. I was told to put his items aside in the back and called him when I left work to let him know. He said he and his girlfriend would come in later that night to make sure she liked everything my dad was planning to purchase. My mom was working at that time so I texted her letting her know they were coming to give her a heads up. Later my mom freaked out saying I shouldn't have brought him to the store, although he came by himself, and I shouldn't help him because of the way he treats her and she let everyone at work know that I don't live with him so if I let him use my discount I would be fired. She also threatened to not come home that night, but she eventually did really late. We've been going back and forth all day. She thinks I should have told my dad not to bring his girlfriend in. My dad isn't a reasonable person so I don't think he'd listen, and I really dont see how I'm supposed to control what he does. I'm also upset that she blames this whole thing on me when it seems like it's a problem between them. I'm also not happy about her airing out our dirty laundry for all our employees to see and also threatening my job. I'm sorry this is so long but if anyone has actually read all of this and would like to offer an opinion it'd be greatly appreciated."
42,"Was I being too harsh (on Reddit)? This guy on /r/askreddit asked: ""Why does the the Devil torture people in hell? If he is truly evil wouldn't he reward the evil-doers that end up in hell?"" I thought that one of the commentators was being a little rude, and I called them out on it. In hindsight I could have been a little nicer, and I want to make sure I'm not the asshole here. [Here] is the thread."
43,"AITA for refusing to do a bass guitar recording for a friend? This friend of mine is in a band of sorts, but doesn't have a bassist, and so when they need one, they'll usually get someone in as a session player. For this the band shell out a fair sum of money. Now a few months ago, this friend of mine mentioned to me that they were recording again and asked me if I were interested in recording the bass if they needed someone. I said that it sounded a great idea and so we left it at that. At this stage he did mention to me that he'd cover the studio fee for me and that he'd pay me whatever my rate was for the work. Two weeks ago, he emailed me telling me that he'd written this song, which needed a bassist because it was a slap-bass line and he wanted a real bass sound and not a computer playing it. I agreed to do a rough draft recording for him for nothing, as he's a good friend and I thought that with even a really rough recording he would at least be able to get a demo version done and find someone to play it in the studio for the proper version. So I recorded it for him on my own time, sent it to him and thought nothing more about it. Last week he contacted me to tell me they were hitting the studio with the song and asked me if I was interested in doing the session with them playing bass again, this time for real. We discussed the details and I could make the studio date and time and so on. Then I asked him about the money we'd talked about before, and this is when things took a turn. He told me that he'd agreed to pay my studio fee, but that he was hoping that I'd do it for them pretty much 'as a friend' (his words, not mine, meaning he wanted a freebie) because I'd done the draft recording for nothing. I told him that if he wasn't willing to pay me as promised, then not only was I not doing the studio session, but that I wasn't willing to let him use my draft recording either. AITA?"
44,"AITA for bristling at the new guys taking over my project? I'll try to be brief, but it isn't my strong suit. I've worked at the same company for over 5 years as the database reporting guru. Six months ago, we hired on half a dozen new guys to build out Business Intelligence processes. They have not grown on me. I perceive them to be cliquish and always having meetings where nothing gets accomplished. I am more about production and building solid relationships with the business units. The topic at hand is a payroll report that I have spent the past five years on, changing it as the business needs it. I have resisted delegating it to my own team because it's such a business-critical thing. Over the past week, the new guys started working on a payroll report. Their manager (who is mine, too) said they were doing it for a different group that I'm not involved in. Until last night, when he tells me they have finished the payroll report that will replace mine, with very little collaboration from me. I want to swear at him, tell him to go to hell, and complain about going behind my back. I've looked at their code, and it's missing a lot of important pieces that are in mine. As a bonus, they discovered a way around a broken data source that will let me improve mine. It infuriates me. I don't want to come across as a diva and say it has to be done my way or no way, but I really think this was the wrong approach on their part. I *AM* the expert on what Payroll wants, so if they wanted to help, it should have been more collaborative. I feel that I left myself open for questions and discussions. I haven't responded to the email request to look it over and give my critique because I'm afraid I'm going to get emotional and act like a bitch. AITA for getting upset? Do you folks have any advice for this difficult conversation I'll be having?"
45,"I was just called a terrorist at the grocery store - does my response make me an asshole? Cliffs: * I am a Sikh (beard/turban) in a town of white people * Small town I grew up in (I'm now 25) * Go to grocery store that I've been going to my whole life * Forget my wallet at the checkout * Ask checkout lady (white, 55 years old) if I can go get it from my car * She says sure, but she's nervous that I'm just going to bolt. She says, ""you ARE going to come back and pay, right?"" * I say, ""here, take my phone as collateral"" * She says, ""It's not going to blow up is it?"" * Before I can realize what she said, I had already started to leave * I come back with my wallet, pay for food * Before I leave, I lean in so no one else hears, and say, ""that little comment you made about my phone was very inappropriate, and your lucky I'm not going to tell your manager (and I point to him, because he was literally 10 feet away), You should be nicer to me, especially since I'm the one paying for your foodstamps."" * She becomes INCREDIBLY apologetic, and says, ""yes, I'm so sorry sir, that was very rude of me, yes sir, you ARE the one paying for my food stamps"" It's 2014, I'm really sick of being treated like a zoo animal everywhere I go because of the color of my skin. I probably could have left the food stamps part out, but I was already having a bad day, and pissed beyond belief. Am I The Asshole?"
46,"[AITA] for staying friends with my ex-girlfriend I dated a very nice girl in college. After college, I wanted to live on the west coast, she wanted to live on the east coast - it didn't work out and we broke up after about four years. We're still good friends, and talk from time to time over the two years since we broke up. My new girlfiend of six months doesn't like that we've remained in contact with each other. She feels threatened and she thinks of this communication as cheating our relationship. She wants me to stop talking with my ex and has said that we (my new gf and I) will have to break up if I don't. To me, it seems like an unfair demand. I wouldn't tolerate it regarding family, I wouldn't tolerate it regarding other close friends. I love my new girlfriend, but I don't think she should be allowed to force decisions like this in our relationship. AITA?"
47,"I got banned from a minecraft server. I was in a small minecraft server where there were two players both with the word black in their name, lets say BlackX and BlackY. When on the server BlackY left, So I meant to ask but I messed up and asked ""Why did BlackX leave"". I then responded with a quick joke ""Sorry all you blacks look alike"". After that about 4 other people on the owner and BlackX laughed but then another player thought I was a racist, and a player only on for a day if I was going to be like this he would leave. This is when the owner changed his tone. After seeing that the owner changed his position so did BlackX and they felt like I needed to be tempbanned so I don't deter future new players."
48,"AITA for refusing to walk a girl back? So last night I got a bootycall text from a girl asking me to walk her back to her apartment. It was around 2am and I had been studying, and was about to go to sleep. When I said no she got perplexed, and demanded a reason. I just kind of shrugged it off and went to bed, but this morning I woke up to a couple texts and a snapchat saying I was an asshole. Am I?"
49,"AITA for not coming in after my two weeks? I've had this shitty minimum wage jib since last July, I was promises a raise but saw a fraction of it. I was expecting an offer to pay me more when I said I was thinking about quitting, but they said nothing of the sort. So I got another job and put my two weeks in. Its hard to leave, I've made great friends, but I'm so done with the place. I was hands down the best worker, and was even told so. I couldn't get off to see a dead relative last meeting, and I've always been the guy to get shit done. I'm like the knight, basically I do all the kings work but get shit out of it. I put in my two weeks on a Wednesday, the schedule covers Monday through Sunday. I said I'll do two weeks, meaning in two Wednesdays no longer will I work there. They scheduled me for Thursday, Saturday and Sunday after I was supposed to be done. I can't do Saturday or Sunday, but I don't think I should be obligated to do any of it. AITA for not showing up after my asshole of a manager relies on my generosity to show up? Edit: forgot to mention, the last Saturday I was supposed to work, I called out due to vomiting and diarrhea. I called ahead of time, so it wasn't really a problem."
50,"AITA for being white and responding to a post about frustrations with being a person of color? My friend made a post about how sometimes she is frustrated about the way POC women are treated and is afraid for her daughters future. I know her to be a powerful and kickass woman and so I immediately assumed someone did or said some serious ugly racist bullshit to her because she is not the sort to have something like that generally effect her. I responded that I had no idea what it was like to be a POC but that her fear was legitimate, that she and her kid were two of the strongest people I know and that I will always support her. That was all that was said by me. A person whom I did not know, but my friend knows responded that my ""white lady entitled intentions and musings were completely full of shit"" How dare I even ""speak about legitimacy"" and how ""noble it was of me not to be a racist and did I want a fucking award for it?"" I did not respond but, she continued to assault me verbally in several more comments afterward, the gist being that I was a racist piece of shit. It really rattled me. Would it have been better to not say anything to my friend? Was it presumptuous of me to even respond? I just wanted my friend to feel like I had her back, was I being entitled by merely addressing the issue? I immediately thought after it happened that I didn't do anything wrong but, then I started to ruminate and now I honestly don't know."
51,"Drama on a Minecraft server I've been a part of this Minecraft economy server for maybe a year and a half. Toward the middle, I started not going on often, maybe once every week or so. I had always thought I knew of ways to improve the server and I mentioned these in the chat. This staff member would disagree and we would talk about it. I always thought these were friendly debates. Fast forward to today, I made some comment about something and he asked me if I had a minute where he could talk to me. He told me I needed to stop complaining and that everyone was talking about how they didn't like me for complaining. This shocked me because I always thought these were group discussions and other community members thought the suggestions were good ideas. I also was shocked because I didn't think I did this often enough where the regular community would notice. I have most of the private messages in an album along with images for a later part of the story. http://imgur.com/a/YzK8E I told him how I was shocked by this and he told me how I should have posted these suggestions on the server forum. One message that was cut off said something like ""I'm not a big fan of the forums and that's just my problem."" He wrapped this conversation up and I went back to doing things. During this time, stuff started to sink in. I decided I would quit the server because I didn't feel welcome. I started selling most of my valuables and plots (since it was an economy server), I said my goodbyes, and left. After this, I went on the server forums and posted a list of my suggestions just like the staff guy said. After a minute or two, it was deleted. I went to the guy's profile and see that he was active so I thought maybe he deleted it and I went to ask him what was wrong with it. You can see this part in the second half of the album. http://imgur.com/a/YzK8E I should mention that this was a high up administrator on the server and the server doesn't allow swearing because really young kids play on there sometimes. So that's the situation, Reddit. Am I the asshole? I know complaining a bunch is really an asshole thing to do but I really didn't know I was offending anyone."
52,"AITA for not wanting to roof? I have a friend who asked me, a few days ago, to help roof his house. I agreed to help. So he calls and asks me to drive an hour to where he lives and start at 9am and work until 2pm. Now I already cleaned and put in a lot of work when he bought that house a few months ago. And cleaned out their family barn for his wedding last fall. For nothing in return. AITA for wanting to just say straight up no? EDIT: Or should i feel bad for wanting to negotiate? Thanks RoonilaWazlib UPDATE: I did it and it was fun and I was probably being kind of a dick for not wanting to. I got pizza and beer."
53,"Made a joke about my dysfunctional family dynamic [So here's the comment] Out of nowhere, this immediately got downvoted into oblivion. My family and I don't get along, but we still value each other as human beings. I thought I set a clear enough context that you could tell I wasn't trying to tell everyone to hate their family, maybe I didn't? Let me know, I didn't want to be a prick."
54,"AITA for defending Humble Bundle? You can see the thread here: http://www.reddit.com/r/GameDeals/comments/26m4dt/bundle_stars_reboot_40_bundle_6_steam_games_for/chsbny2 I linked to the parent comment, the thread goes on pretty deep with all of my comments being downvoted and others being upvoted. So, essentially people have been angry with Humble Bundle lately, because they are not satisfied with Humble Bundle's recent sales and strategies. I don't really mind, because mostly its been great deals. In the discussion, one user posts about how this new bundle in the thread, Bundle Stars, is better than Humble Bundle and then proceeds to post a [photo] that implies Humble Bundle has become a greedy mobster cat (???) that only wants users money. So I simply ask why it has to be a war when they both offer great deals. Then, for some reason, I argue with various users about why I think Humble Bundle is still a good place. I probably should have just let it go, but I really found it weird that people legitimately were HATING on Humble Bundle. I never thought it was a bad thing, I get some bundles from there and they usually have great value and I get to decide where the money goes (developers, charity, or humble bundle). What I didn't expect was to be downvoted so heavily (my top comment is now positive, but the rest are very negative and even that top comment is highly controversial in terms of up/down and it isn't Reddit's algorithm, as it was at -14 earlier). People have even begun to accuse me of being a Humble Bundle employee (I'm not). Am I an asshole for defending a service that I think is good? EDIT: I should probably mention that I legitimately wonder whether or not I should just let this sort of thing go in the future? I saw the other side as being childish, but perhaps I was also childish? Fanboyish? I don't know. It's the internet, this place is weird."
55,"AITA for socially cutting off a roommate/friend who moved out. I lived/live with a decent number of roommates in a big house in a college town. Everybody but a couple living there was on the lease, and we didn't think this would be an issue as we had all been friends for 3 years we trusted everyone in the house, blah blah blah. I should also note that had this couple not agreed to live with us we would not have rented the house due to the rent. Cue the summer, we still have several months on the lease and everyone is graduating and moving on or looking for new jobs. The couple decides that they dont want to live at our place anymore and sign a new lease for the summer without telling anyone. They then tell us that they are going to move out and cant afford to pay rent at both places. According to them this is ok though because they saved us money by agreeing to move into the house with us so rent would be split between more people. I am not going to start a bunch of petty fights while we still have to live together because they are already locked into the new lease and we have no real legal recourse to make them pay rent so I remain civil until they move out, but everyone is pretty pissed off. After they move out I stop answering their calls and texts because I no longer want to be friends with someone who pulls that move. A week after they move out the female in the relationship is blowing up my phone and I ignore her calls. She calls my roommate who is nicer than me and he answers and says he doesnt know why I would be ignoring her calls as that is between us two. She texts me and asks why I am ignoring her. Keep in mind I am almost positive that she is calling because she wants me to hook her up with one of my weed guys as I got a text from her boyfriend asking to buy an OUNCE the day before, but he couldnt afford the rent he skipped out on. I told her unless she was calling to pay us the rent money she fucked us out of, she could fuck off. She called me an asshole. AITA? **TL;DR:Trusted friends, shouldnt have.**"
56,"Friends used same baby name. I had my daughter in December. We named her after my great grandmother, which means a lot to our family. It's a less common name, but not completely obscure. Part of the reason I picked it is because we don't know anyone else (living) with the name and wanted to avoid having 5 of the same name in her class. Two of my friends from high school married each other. Just this weekend their baby is born- and they use the exact same name that we named our daughter. I know both of them. They live around the corner from my parents, go to the same church as them, and I'll probably see them at the same functions fairly often. We have hundreds of mutual friends. We interact online quite a bit. I'm pretty annoyed. Maybe it shouldn't matter, but it feels like they stole our name. TL; DR Two friends used same name as my baby, 6 months later. I'm ticked off. AITA?"
57,"It's the principle.. So to cut a very long story short. A friend of mine owed me some money, not a lot of money but that's not the point. He said he would pay me the same day, good for me because I wasn't particularly well off at the time. So the day comes, his cheque hasn't cleared so he can't pay me, that's fine, I'm a reasonable guy, just pay me when it clear, no problems! You can guess the pattern here, days pass, comes up to a week, I've been sending a text every couple of days to say hey and ask what the update is (at this point I have very little money so I kinda need it back.) I'm being ignored by what i considered a good friend. No responses, on multiple different methods. Phone, Skype, Facebook etc. Eventually I get pissed, I text him telling him I don't care if he wants to ignore me, just pay me my money and I'll leave him alone. He pays me and continues to ignore me to this day. I don't get it, am I the asshole here?"
58,"AITA for refusing to give my cousin a lift? This weekend saw me home alone as my parents were away on a trip. I'd got the weekend off from work and I'd made it known to most of my family that I'd planned to do a number of things (that I'd had planned for some time, it must be said) including going to mosque. Now, it must be said that this was the only weekend I've had off for probably two months. Skip forward to last Saturday, and I was in the next town over, almost 15 miles away, and I got a call on my mobile, from my cousin. He was at some random place back home, and was asking me if I could pick him up. I politely told him I couldn't, as I was at the mosque, and ended the call, suggesting to him that if he wanted to get home, he should catch the bus, whcih to my mind wasn't unreasonable. I then ended the call. Skip forward to 20min later and I got another call from my cousin again, requesting again to get a lift, and I told him exactly the same thi ng as before, and pointed out that he was more than capable at 17years old of getting on a bus or walking home, or that if he so desperately wanted picking up, his dad(my uncle) was nearer to him than I was. I knew from a fact that even if I agreed to pick him up, it'd have been at least 1/2 an hour before I even got back to my home town, and that's assuming I didn't hit traffic or anything. So that evening I was at home when my uncle came into the house, and asked me why I hadn't picked my cousin up. I told him what I'd already told my cousin, and pointed out that this weekend was the only time I'd had Saturday off for months to do the things I'd personally like to be doing, and in this case, stuff I'd planned and made known to him and others for ages. He then started giving me some crap about me 'being selfish' and how I only seemed to think of myself, conveniently ignoring the fact that there have been times in the past when I have actually had done stuff for my cousin. So, AITA?"
59,"Would you consider this animal abuse? Me my gf and my brother's fiance have been hand rearing kittens since the mother died when the kittens were 2 weeks old. They are now 8 weeks old. My brother's fiance's mom was told to come and feed the kittens at 10 before she was going to work.I'd feed them the other times during the day as they need to be fed every three hours. Keep in mind, these aren't my kittens the mother was not my cat. I plan on keeping one of the kittens other then that it shouldn't be my problem. I've been feeding and bathing them while they are at work. Monday me and my gf walk in on this http://imgur.com/a/VASih and spent 3 hours between going to walmart and buying them two smaller litter boxes so they'd be easier to clean. Cleaning supplies to sanitize the area. Cat food for them because they have diarrhea and I thought reverting back to the old brand would be better for them. Bathed them cleaned everything. It took 3 hours to do, three hours in the middle of the day when I wanted to do other things. I've also bought a majority of their food. Watched them over a long weekend while they were at the coast. Took them to the vet for them. My gf went to work, my brother came home. Told him that me and my gf were pissed, her especially about how bad things were. He asked if he should apologize. I said yeah. Then he started getting pissed and defensive saying he shouldn't appologize to my girlfriend for the way HE raises HIS cats. I say, well you should appologize to her because we spent three hours today cleaning up shit, litterally, that wasn't our fucking mess. He said ""well you chose to do that, you didn't have to."" I told him, no conscionable human being would leave animals in that condition a second longer. He said ""look, they have diarhea and they shit and they leave paw prints of shit places. We clean it daily."" Told him ""If I walked in on that at someone else's house, I'd of called the cops."" He said he's not going to appologize. Yesterday his fiance was slamming doors that morning at 7am. I left to do stuff came back at 7pm. Went straight to the kitties room. It was clean but they forgot to fill up their water bowl. Went to my room didn't talk to them. Wednesday, (today) his fiance comes in. My gf is here today, wasn't yesterday. Says we have no right to call her neglectful that they clean their room daily. That she woke up and there was a couple shits in the shower but that she had to work and she'd figure we'd clean it when we woke up and that she is not going to appologize. The future sister in law was raising her voice and didn't let my gf speak more then a couple words and had a look of crazy on her"
60,"I posted this on my facebook. Apparently I'm a rape apologist. ""I think that there are a large amount of extremist groups in the US and Canada that advocate things such as Rape, Genocide, Racism based on skin tone, gender, or religion, and I think that all are terrible, but I don't think it's fair to say that there is a ""rape culture"" or a ""racism culture"" based on the opinions of said extremist minorities."""
61,"AITA for going against my manager? This will likely be slightly complicated. Here goes. I'm Muslim, and originally when I began my present job, I was not wearing my headscarf (hijab) for a variety of reasons. However at interview, I asked whether it would be possible for me to wear it should I choose to so, and I was told that I could. SKip forward to 6 months ago and we had a manager who I'll call 'M'. He was a really cool manager, and one day he asked me for a meeting. It turned out he knew little to nothing about Islam or hijab, and so he asked me if I could give him something of a schooling in my beliefs and also about hijab. I did so and he gave me the thumbs-up to wear it to work, as did the assistant manager Q. **Enter manager P** M left, and was replaced by 'P', the current manager. One day, as I was coming in, she requested a talk two months ago with me. She wanted a talk with me about my hijab, and we went to the manager's office to do so. She brought up the fact that I wasn't wearing it all the time at work (which I didn't for my own personal reasons). I told her about my reasons, and also the fact that manager M had already discussed this with me along with Q, and she cut me off, telling me that this wasn't their decision to make, and that he should have asked HR. I pointed out that I'd already asked at interview about this and they'd also told me the same thing. She just cut me off and told me I wasn't to wear it to work until HR had been contacted, which from what she was saying, was something she would do. **Meeting 2** Last week, I wore my hijab again, as I had guessed everything had been sorted out with HR by my manager, and if anything had been a problem, someone would have said something. In this case, I went in and within 5min of me getting there, my manager phoned for me to go to the office. I knew automatically what this was about, and when I went in, I asked right off the bat whether she had contacted HR as she said in the last meeting. She then told me that she'd actually said that it was **me** who needed to contact HR in that meeting (she didn't, and I've got a good memory for this stuff) and then went on about how I was 'defying her authority' and all this. Now I've searched through the company rules (took me close to 3 hours) regarding equality policies, dress codes and health and safety, and I can't find how I'm breaking any rule in any way. So, am I being an asshole?"
62,AITA getting kicked out of a grocery store just for being a teenager So there is a grocery store near my school that a lot of kids go to. Today I was there with some friends like any other day and we were looking at chips to buy. After about 5 minutes of deliberation (we weren't being loud or rowdy or anything) one of the managers comes up and tells us to get out for taking to long. I try and reason and say that we were just about to go to the till but he says no and physically pushes me towards the door. I got mad and called him an asshole so he told me to never come back and I flipped him off as I left. Am I the asshole? TL:DR guy kicks us out for no reason I call him an asshole/flip him off
63,"AITA: My friend's mother died after a year long battle with cancer. I avoided his call today because I know he needs to talk to someone, but I don't feel emotionally equipped to help him. He's pretty much a mess. He's been an alcoholic for the least few years. His wife has lung cancer and his mother just died from a similar disease. This yet he smokes several packs a day himself. I'm one of the only people he knows and trusts to talk to, but sometimes I just find it too much. Thoughts?"
64,"For trying to get a Starbucks barista fired I always get a quarter pound of espresso because I like my coffee to be fresh. This barista at my local Starbucks has given me less than quarter pound EVERY TIME he's served me. Quarter pound is 112grams. On one occasion he gave me 30g, then i went back and he gave me 80g, and went back and he gave me 105g. This has happened 4 times now (over the span of 6 months). And every time I confront him about it he gives me attitude and tells me that the scale is correct, and I end up having to argue with him. Yesterday he refused to give me more (I weighed 102g). I know that their scale can be faulty, as I've been told by other baristas there ... but this guy treats me as if I'm some sort of cheap dumbass trying to screw Starbucks. It's not even about the money for me. Quarter pound of espresso is under 5$. I have left bigger tips than that for baristas.... It's the principle of the matter and the guy's attitude that bothers me, and the fact that I always ask so politely. He doesn't realize that I am a Starbucks veteran (was a barista for 3 years) and that I have a very accurate scale at home that I use often and that I have a pretty good sense of weight/volume of ground coffee. I'm on a war path to get this bastard fired. Am I an asshole?"
65,"My wife is LDS, and my son will be raised ""around"" the Church. Am I wrong to care about its internal politics?"
66,"Comment I made in class. In speech class last week we did a group presentation on disasters. One guy in my group covered Centralia, Pennsylvania and the town's coal mine fires. After our speeches, we asked if there were any questions from the audience. One young lady in the class was asking about Centralia. She said things like, ""I don't get why they can't put the fires out. Aren't there enough fire extinguishers? I don't see why they couldn't stop it."" I replied with what I thought was a logical, concise answer, ""Obviously if there were a way to stop it, they would have done it."" To my surprise, the rest of the class laughed at her, and she became very embarrassed. I felt bad about her embarrassment, but at the same time, I just can't seem to see how I did something wrong."
67,"AITA for refusing to drive my mother back from a party? Two weeks ago I went to a party which was being held by a family friend. I went, along with my mother, and I drove everyone there in my car. The event wasn't that far from my house, about 5 miles away. During the course of the night my mother proceeded to get pretty drunk. She'd began with a couple of glasses of wine, which I personally didn't give a toss about, but by the end of the night she was wrecked drunk, having drunk a lot of whiskey, and was shouting and screaming and just generally being totally fucking annoying. She also proceeded to argue with two people at the party, pissing them off, over some totally ridiculous thing she said (still not too sure what she said though). So skip forward to the end of the night, around midnight, and it was time for people to leave. At this point, I told my mother that if she wanted to get home, she could get a taxi home, as there was no way on heaven or earth I was dealing with her idiotic behaviour. If anything, I'm not that confident driving at night, and having a drunk idiot to deal with would only make things harder. But this isn't the first time she's done this either. There was an almost exact same time when she did the same at a family wedding, having become similarly plastered drunk, despite warnings from various family members, including my uncle whose car myself and my mother were travelling in, not to do so. I choose not to go out with her socially because I know all she's interested in is getting as shitfaced as possible. This is a 44 year old woman and her attitude of getting wrecked as fast as possible is more fitting for a kid. The next morning, I got a metric ton of grief from my mother, who **demanded** that I give back to her the money she spent on a taxi home, and she kicked off about how I'd 'dumped' her and how she was 'just having some fun' and how I was 'being an asshole' for leaving her. I pointed out to her that I wasn't responsible for her behaviour and wasn't there just to act like some glorified babysitter for her to act like an A-grade moron, given I wanted to enjoy myself too. I should add as a last note that I am **not** against anyone drinking, and the alcohol isn't really an issue for me. I personally couldn't give a toss whether someone wants to drink or not. What I do have a problem is stupid behaviour. So, AITA or my mother here?"
68,"AITA for forgetting to take my friend to the grocery store before going camping? I invited my friend to go in a weekend camping trip, along with her son. I was accompanied by my child, and my husband joined us the next day. It was a three hour drive to the campsite, so we stopped along the way to have dinner at my in laws, who live nearby. My friend and her son didn't like the dinner (spaghetti), so I ran to the store to get him mac and cheese. At that time, I asked if she wanted to go with me, since she had told me she needed groceries. She hemmed and hawed and finally said no, we can go later. So, we eat dinner, and then decide to leave asap, since it will be getting dark in a few hours and we wanted to get set up in daylight. At this point I made my fatal error. I forgot to go to the grocery store. Along the way, my friend mentions this...but at this point we are no longer near a grocery store, so I stop at Sheetz, which is a large gas/convenience store. She gets her stuff, we go to the campsite and set up. For the entire weekend she proceeds to complain about not having food, even though my husband stopped at the store and got her food that she requested, as well as the fact that the campout we went to had plenty of food, there was a potluck breakfast, and I went searching for food that she wanted and found it. Still not enough. Might I mention that her son didn't give a crap about the food, he was only stressed because she was making him stressed, imo.. we didn't speak for a week afterwards, and when we did hang out, she proceeds to tell me how I fucked up her weekend. I cry, then leave. Tl;dr I forgot to take my friend to the store, she proceeds to ruin my trip, says its all my fault. Edit: I had packed lots of food, which she also refused to eat...but she drank our beer and left half bottles of it everywhere. I didn't ask her for any gas money, or money for the campout. She did buy the weed though."
69,"An argument I had with a redditor about ""cheaters"""
70,"I let a special needs employee charge me 25c instead of $25 for a computer monitor So I needed a new monitor and wanted something cheap so I went to good sammys and picked out a monitor that was $25, when I went to the checkout the worker charged me 25 cents, and I didn't correct him at all and left with my purchase, am I an asshole ?"
71,"AITA: owed friend $20, bought $20 shoes from him then he tells me he would have given them to me for free and I still owe him $20 from before. I owed a friend $20 buck from a long time ago. A month later he is moving and I'm in his house and see some shoes that fit me. I say ""I'll give you $20 bucks for those shoes"". He says ""yes"" I give him the $20 and he immediately says ""I would have given them to you for free, I was going to throw them out and remember you still owe me $20 from before"". Now He is pestering me for the $20 from before…I didn't say no but I do feel shitty about it. Am I an asshole for feeling shitty or is he an ass hole for conducting that deal? Also I'd be fine giving the shoes back but he prob wouldn't be down edit: thanks for helping everyone"
72,"I called out my cousin when he said my brother didn't care about calories First off, my cousin is a dick to my little brother. He's always saying ""man you eat so much,"" or, ""maybe you're just mad because you're hungry,"" in a very condescending way. I'll admit, my brother does eat a bit too much and is overweight. But here's the thing, my cousin is morbidly obese. My guess is 350 pounds. So the other night, we were all having tea. My brother was eating a zebra cake, but he hadn't had one in years, so he was really liking it. But then he saw we had bread, so he put down the zebra cake so he could have bread instead. My sister asks, ""why don't you just eat both?"" And he replies ""Too many calories."" All of a sudden, my cousin says, ""you were just eating a zebra cake, you obviously don't care about calories."" I was mad. The only thing I hate more than hypocrites are racists. I don't remember exactly what I said, but it was something along the lines of ""Shut up about calories when you're talking to him. Look at yourself for once! Jesus!"" Yeah, that seemed to do the trick. He shut up, and didn't say a word for the rest of, the tea time. Then he moped around, acting like I insulted him for no reason. I know you might be thinking, ""maybe he is just looking out for your brother,"" but no. He said it in the same condescending way as usual. Am I the asshole or is he?"
73,"Did I do the right thing? Very sad LDR breakup story, I'm feeling like the scum of the earth right now I posted this in TwoXChromosomes but I think maybe this is a good place for advice too... My boyfriend (we will call him Rex) and I had been dating almost 2 years. The first year, I was a senior in college and he had graduated a year earlier and co-founded a startup. Of the guys I'd dated, he was the most put-together, the most reliable, the most attractive, the LEAST argumentative (we never ever fought), and I felt had the most potential. At the end of the day though, I felt as if he didn't ""get me"" like my other partners had, but as it was his first real relationship I decided not to give up on this great guy. Upon graduation, I was offered a job 900 miles away. Rex had his company back home and couldn't leave. I wanted to break it off right then and save myself the pain, but he and his sweet words convinced me we could make it work. Neither of us believes in soulmates so we thought if we put in the work we could make it happen. I moved, he stayed, and our long-distance relationship began. And by LDR, I mean my chronic loneliness. I am not an outgoing person, I didn't know a single person in the whole state, I walked into my empty apartment crying almost every day, and I clung to Rex for comfort. We alternate turns to take a flight and got to see each other maybe every other month. He truly tried to be there for me, but those happy weekends when he came down would only make me sadder when he left again. He said what he could but I knew my depression was wearing on him and us. At one point he told me just to stop talking about sad things. I knew I had to turn things around, and luckily I was at a company full of young transplants like me, so I began forcing myself to go out on weekends. I flourished. I made friends, got to know the new city, and was finally smiling again. The problem with this new life was that Rex wasn't a part of it. He didn't know the people I talked about and couldn't relate to the culture I was now a part of. I live in an awesome place, and when I would tell him about the fun times I was having I felt like I was rubbing it in his face. I felt completely torn; like I had to choose between a life of sadness with Rex and a life of happiness without him. FF to this January–I was laid off from my amazing job. I got a freelance gig to pay rent while I found a new job while all those friends I made moved away. By this time things were worse with Rex. Not that we were dysfunctional, but instead of growing closer as"
74,"AITA in this altercation with my father? I will try to provide as much context as possible to present the story in an unbiased way. I come from a very conservative Christian family that raised me up through private school with the sole intention of me going to a 4 year college. I have always known that this is not the career path that I wanted to take, but in fear of disappointing them, I never told them and ended up actually attending a semester at a very nice college with the hope that it would grow on me. It only made me even more sure of my decision to quit and go into a field that only requires specific training. My mom was understanding and more supportive than my dad, who has never been the same since. Everything up to this point only serves as contet for the actual altercation. I was 18 when this happened. I had been home for a couple of months and searching for a part-time job by my parents' demand. I was sending out dozens of applications, but my complete lack of prior experience was making it difficult to even get a call back. One day my dad gets home from buying pool chemicals and tells me that they had a help wanted sign on the door and for me to apply online for it immediately. I didn't have a problem with this, so I went to the website to check the listing. It was a 21+ management position. Later, he asked me if I applied, and I told him that I was underage and not qualified so I didn't bother. This made him very angry, telling me that I would do what he said and to send in the application anyway. I repeated that I was 18 and have never had a real job before, much less a management position. We argued back and forth with the same thing for a bit and it eventually came to him saying ""I'll just apply for you. Give me your resume and be quiet."" I said ""I don't have one, so you'll be sending in nothing,"" to which he replied ""Don't be a smart ass."" A little more context to go with the first bit: I had heard my father curse only once before this, and it was after a severe injury, so this marked a serious escalation in the seriousness of situation where my family is concerned. The tone he used in saying this was very agressive and threatening, so my 18 year old reaction was that I wasn't going to take verbal abuse from anyone, so I said ""Was the language supposed to drive the point across harder?"" And this broke him. He got up from his chair and started walking toward me saying ""How about I beat your ass right now?"" My adrenaline replied ""Do you want to try?"" At this point my mom ran in screaming at my dad to stop, and he backed away from me but continued to the heart of what"
75,"ATIA asked friends to do wedding photos, they throw out large number, I go with a different photographer, now they are upset. Back-story: I worked with the male part of this particular couple at a retail store. We had a pretty good friendship, but ultimately, I ended up going above and beyond quite often. I have gotten up after 2 am on a couple of occasions to rescue them because they can't drive (they still do illegally on occasion, hence why I would have to rescue them...one got caught and I have to take the other to jail to bail them out and drive them home). I even let them live with me for a period of time because they got suddenly kicked out of their place. I don't think I have been in a spot where I needed them in any type of emergency situation, but I don't think I hold that against them. Fast-forward to modern times: My fiance and I hang with them about once or twice every two months. Not very often. I asked if they would be interested in taking photos for our wedding, to which they gladly agreed. We hadn't talked pricing or anything yet, though I expected it soon. Two months go by and not a word from them. I reach out and we hang again, I bring up the wedding photos again with them. This time they have a ""guesstimate"" number. They say $1000 is normal, but they would only charge me $500. My friend photographer has yet to graduate from film school and has never shot a wedding before in his life. My fiance and I discuss the offer and decide to try to work it down to $400 instead of $500. We try to set up a time to meet at the venue to discuss photo opportunities. Anytime we are busy, seems to be the times they are wanting to meet up. As if trying to postpone going to the venue. I had to practically beg them to even go in the first place. The female didn't think they should have to go at all. We are now under a month from our wedding and still no set in stone photographer for our wedding. We decided to check thumbtack. We found a photographer for $400, she set up a time to meet at the venue, sent a contract, and a questionnaire within a few hours of us responding. My friends had done none of this. I text them to say that I don't think we could afford their prices and that with a wedding coming up, things are getting hectic and it makes it difficult to plan open times to meet for us. I get a 7 message text discussing how we will not find a better deal then them, and how they were trying to ""help us out"" and how they were putting their schedule around ours just to do this. Basically, calling me a dick for not using their services. I am quite upset now. I haven't decided what to"
76,"AITA because I am upset she let her sister stay in the house without asking me? So the SO had recently moved into a new apt. She is trying to make this our home and get me to spend more time there. I am with it. I have been investing time and money into it. And also started bringing some of my things there. So she has to go away for work for 2 weeks. The plan was that I would spend most of the time there. Still staying at my home for 2 or 3 nights to get to work faster. So. I get this phone call. Her estranged sister has just been assaulted by her bf. I need to go downstairs and give her mother the keys to the house so her and her son can stay over. I am pissed. Firstly, this woman has all but avoided her family and kept this kid away for years. Now this person who has been described as irresponsible is now going to be staying in this apt. Unsupervised. With a toddler. For what is supposed to be 3 days (I know it will be longer). Now AITA because I'm upset that she made this decision without my consultation? Without my input? This dwelling that's supposed to be ours except when it's convenient for it not to be is now once again her house. It wasn't an emergency anymore. This even happened the night before. More than enough time to call me and ask for my input. It's not that I am put out. I'm just annoyed that she went to save this person who has been less than sisterly to her and has been known to screw up crap alone in ""our"" apt. Oh and I forgot to mention I was asked by her mother to ""examine"" the sister to see if her nose is broken. Right. On my off time I am now giving medical advice like a doctor that has medical equipment and a degree. (I am a paramedic) Honest input please?"
77,"AITA for confronting a group of teenagers? This one happened a couple of days ago. I was in the main shopping street in my town and about halfway down the pedestrianized section, there's a seating area consisting of big stone blocks for seating. Now I am Muslim and I was, at the time, wearing an abaya (long dress), hijab and a faceveil (niqab, which isn't unusual around here). I don't make a habit to wear the face veil all the time but this day I had chosen to do so. I was walking down towards this seating area and when I got there, I decided to take 5min and sit down. To my left there were a group of teenage boys, who I heard making the usual remarks (which I was totally expecting and so ignored). After a couple of minutes my attention was drawn back to this group, as I heard two of them discussing whether they should rip my veil off my head, because 'it would be funny'. Then someone else in the group I could hear was asking his friends if they had a lighter, so he could set my headscarf and veil on fire. At this point I really lost it. I marched over to where they were sitting and confronted them, telling them (or more accurately, shouting at them) that not only was I not deaf because I had the niqab on, and so had heard every word they'd said, and that if they tried anything I would personally ensure they would feel pain. Now I feel I may have acted a little asshole-ish, and so I leave it to reddit to decide."
78,"AITA for calling out a smoker? A few days ago I was out walking my dog at the park. My dog stops beside a bench and begins sniffing around. I thought she was looking for a place to go and so I begin to look in my bag just in case she had some business for me. All of a sudden I hear her yelp, and she begins crying so I pick her up to console her. Then I look over and see that she burned her nose on a cigarette butt (or bud, I don't know). I automatically assume that it belonged to the man who was sitting on the bench smoking so I tell him, ""Hey buddy, why don't you pick up your trash? My dog just burnt her nose on that."" His response, ""Maybe you should pay attention to what your dog is doing."" Which made me a little mad. So my response, ""The trash can is literally 4 feet away from you. Are you so fucking fat and lazy that you can't throw your trash away?"" I then picked up the butt/bud, tossed it into the trash and storm off. I now realize I could have handled that differently, and also that it may not have even been his. Or maybe I should have kept an eye on my dog. So am I the asshole?"
79,"AITA for getting mad about my boyfriend going ton a fishing trip? **The background:** I've been dating my boyfriend for 2 years and we are moving in together in the fall for school. He currently lives with his parents in a city about 3 hours away from our university, and I live with mine on the opposite side of the country. He has been in a bad financial situation after wrecking his car, and his construction work hasn't been giving him many hours. Whenever I talk to him he is always talking about his ""lazy days"" where he gets stoned and drunk and plays halo all day. Since I moved back to my city I've been working a full time and a part time job, and haven't gotten time off to visit him like I did last summer. In order to lock down a place for us to live in September I had asked him to check out places. I had looked online and emailed landlords, but he didn't have a car to go down to check them out. He got a ride once with his dad who goes down 2-3 times a week and looked at one place. I'm supposed to move out there in 2 weeks **The incident in question:** A couple days ago I was talking to him on one of his ""lazy days."" I was already pissy before I talked to him cause of work bullshit, but I asked him why he wasn't looking for places to live when his dad was down in our uni town. He said he ""wants a lazy day before he goes on his trip"" I asked him what trip he was talking about and he said he had decided to go on a two week long fishing trip with his buddy on his commercial tuna fishing boat. I flipped out and told him I was really worried about finding a place to live and now he's gone for two weeks and I'm supposed to move out there in two weeks. He said his dad could look at houses and he needed this trip to make money. I was yelling at him and telling him he was immature and that me and his dad was doing more to help us find a place then he did. He said he really needs the money and he's gonna make a lot as a deck hand. I said he was ""an asshole and being really immature and had been lazy and irresponsible all summer and that I would just find a place by myself and he could find his own place or sleep on the street cause he's too much of a baby to figure his shit out"" he told me it works both ways and if I had come to visit him we could have found a place earlier. More swearing and name calling back on forth until he hung up on me. Now he's gone for ~2 weeks. I know he needs the money, so am I the asshole? TL;DR: broke boyfriend needs fish,"
80,"AITA for shouting at this woman about her kids in a supermarket? I was in my local Lidl supermarket this morning when this happened. Now anyone who's been in a Lidl knows that the shop isn't that big, and my local one is probably no more than 4 long aisles. I went in and I noticed up ahead that a woman had come in with 3 kids, one of which was a baby in a pram she was pushing. Another two kids were basically running up and down the aisles making pests of themselves and getting under people's feet, which annoyed me in its own right. A couple of times they collided with me or came close to being whacked with a trolley. The mother was nowhere to be seen. I got to the third or so aisle down and I was stood at a freezer, trying to find something. Now as I stepped backwards to return to my trolley, one of these kids came belting down and crashed straight into me, and she went flying a good couple of feet backwards. She began absolutely screaming the place down, and at this point the mother came over and the fun started. Mother: ''Well, aren't you going to apologize?!'' Me: ''Excuse me?'' Mother: ''You knocked my little girl over!'' Me: ''Yes, I did. However if you'd bothered to supervise her and keep her from running around the store getting in everyone's way, that wouldn't have happened. Your kid isn't special in this regard'' Mother: ''How dare you! I've got as much right to be with my kids as anyone!'' Me: ''I'm not saying anything to the contrary. However you are a **parent** and so it seems that you haven't taught your children, any of them, basic courtesy for others. This is a supermarket, not a playground, and so I have a reasonable expectation of being able to shop without a game of human pinball!'' At this point I just walked off and did the rest of my shopping. So reddit, who was the asshole here?"
81,"Guy I live with says he doesn't care about my opinion, I got pissed. AItA? So I'm 21 and doing a summer internship away from home. I've been living in a house belonging to an old man in his seventies. Last night I was talking with him, which is always just me asking him questions and him answering. I finally asked him why he doesn't ask me anything or try to invite me to the conversation at all, and he told me that I was too young for my thoughts to be of any interest to him. I got upset with that and we had a brief fight followed by me going back to my room. I still feel like he's a dick. Am I the asshole?"
82,"For not flushing the toilets I don't like to waste ANYTHING. I drink 2-3 day old coffee, put spaghetti sauce back in the jar etc. I don't feel the need to flush the toilet every time i use it. My SO and son are disgusted by this. Last week my SO brought a coworker to our home to use the bathroom because the co worker had to pee real bad. What evs. I'm reading upstairs. My SO comes running up stairs red in the face and pissed. When I heard the toilet flush I knew why. "" why in the fuck are you such a nasty bitch?!!""' He asked me this all huffy. "" you must have had corn because it was all in the bowl ( toilet bowl) among 2 feet of shit"" he was embarrassed and I didn't say anything. Why can't my son and SO just flush before they use the toilet if it's such a big friggin deal. And as far as the co-worker - I'm sure he has seen shit before. 💩"
83,"AITA for accidentally mis-grouping my friend's religious beliefs? So, a bit of backstory. Said friend - referred to as J - has been known in our social circle as an atheist since at least the seventh grade. J has always been very open with it - me, him and our friends have always made jokes about it and religion in general when religious people weren't around (we aren't the type to bemoan people for their religion.) Hell, in grade 10 he nearly got mugged for saying that he believed God didn't exist. So, flash forward to today. I was talking to his girlfriend, R, during class. R is a very religious, girly, powder-puff Southern girl, which we've all found ironic considering what we thought to be true. I mentioned offhandedly that he wasn't very religious when we were referring to a teacher of ours that would constantly insert religious references into her teaching. R had said that J didn't care for that teacher very much, and I mentioned it was probably because of said references due to his beliefs. R seemed shocked, and said, ""But J goes to church with me!"" I was shocked, but then I said, ""That's odd, because J regularly hangs out with (other friends, all non-religious) and I and we always shoot the shit about it."" She got visibly very sour and said ""Well, I don't want him hanging around you guys! I'm gonna yell at him."" In between classes, I sent him a text saying that I think I fucked up, I thought R was mad at him and that I think she hated me now. Shortly after, I see them speaking in the middle of campus, and J looks over to me and approaches me. ""So, Tazmily228. First off, you're a dick."" J is/was a good friend of mine, so all I said was ""Okay."" for fear of turning it into an argument. ""Second: When was the last time I spoke to you about my personal life?"" In this instance I assumed his religious beliefs, and I responded, ""About a month ago at A's house when we were playing DnD.' Indeed, we had been shooting the shit about religion and discussing it over pizza during a late-night DnD session. J responded, ""Well, you don't know anything about my personal life, so I advise you stay out of it."" And walked off and sat down with R. I don't know what I did. I didn't intend to offend anybody, and if J suddenly became a Christian, he didn't tell me - or anybody. I asked several of our mutual friends/acquaintances about it and they all responded ""J isn't religious at all."" or some variant. Am I the asshole for assuming, given *strong* evidence?"
84,"AITA for kicking our friends out of the hotel? So yesterday was my boyfriends birthday. Our two friends, him and I got a hotel room with two beds. Our other friends from work (some of them have also been friends with my boyfriend for a long time kind of invited themselves because they wanted to hang out with him and we just told them to get a room next door (total of like 8 people). The room was $140. They decide they don't want to get it and they'll just come downtown and go home. Then they want to drink in our room before we go out, I told them to bring their own alcohol because I got two somewhat nice bottles and it wasn't enough for everyone (they also never pitch in for like anything, always claim their poor but most of them make even more than I do). They get there and they brought a handle of Smirnoff (cheap vodka). My boyfriend ended up getting too drunk to go out, they still want to go and ask if they can stay in our room because they can't afford their own. This really pisses me off because there's eight of them, it's not that expensive to split $140 and there was not enough room in ours (12 people total). They invited more people without telling us (one who my boyfriend really doesn't get along with) and said they would give us some money if they could all sleep on the floor. We ended up kicking them out. They were all really pissed and said they would get a room somewhere else. They drank all our alcohol and I think they even took a bottle of my wine with them. They took the alcohol they brought as well, which is fine I'm just mad they drank all of ours because I wanted some of it for today. I feel bad but I wasn't trying to have a huge party in the room and I didn't want to deal with them all being drunk when they got back when we were just trying to have a calm night. Similar stuff has happened on multiple occasions because they ""don't have money"" ever. I think my boyfriend probably would have let them stay but I don't think it's fair they act like that. Tldr: 8 friends came to our hotel room, didn't want to get their own after we told them to, drank all our alcohol and are mad because I told them to leave after my boyfriend got way too drunk"
85,"Aita for being hurt when my best friend says she needs to talk to me but ends up blowing me off? Disclaimer: all convo is what I remember. It is not exact. This happened about 8 mos ago and my memory is not exact. I have felt bad about it ever since. I really want her involved in my wedding and hate to think about her not coming.... So im getting married next year. My friend (A) and I have been friend for nearly 15 years. I told her about it and asked if shed like to be my maid of honor. She told me that untill she met him and talked to me about it she didnt want to make a choice. Ok, no biggie. Lets see if we can make plans. Hes only free weekends, and he works late into the night. She is the opposite. She is unwilling to give up her free time during the weekend ( which admittedly is very little) and when asked if she would be ok with just talking to me she said fine. So I tell her when im comming up next ( I live two hours out of town) and ask if we could meet up. We pick a day and she says shell text me when shes free. At 5 pm she texts me telling me she cant meet today. Im slitly irritated because I had other things that needed to get done but didnt because I didnt want to miss her. I didnt let it show because I figured it wasnt all her fault. Her job keeps her late and the ride home is over an hour. Anyway everyday for the rest of the week I ask if shes free. Everyday she eventually says no. Saturday rolls arou d and she says no but we can tomorrow. Sunday in the am I send her a text asking for a time and a place and I get no response. Nothing. I ask again four hours later and still nothing. Finally at seven pm she texts saying sorry but its no happening. I got pissed. So I said A"", ive been here a week trying to meet eith you to discuss this. I dont understand why youve put me off. We agreed on this. I dont even understand why you need this to happen. My fiance is a good man. Why would you doubt that?"" I got a garbled response about how my fiance had nothing to do with it and how she just needed to know. Know what I dont know. But aita for feeling hurt that she doesn't trust me to make romantic and life decisions on my own? As a side note, while weve been friends for around 15 years, we have not been together all that time. We are both individual people, and we know that. She didnt like that I got a little irritated with her and hasnt talked to me since. Ive reached out twice I think with no responce. But one of the times she"
86,"AITA for not letting my friend live with me for a week? First of all, I'd like to apologise if I make any grammar mistakes as English is not my native language. I'm a university student and during the year I live in a university residence, which has about 200 students on it. The rooms are shared with another student. In my case, I share it with a good friend of mine (we'll call him B), and this will be the second year of we living in that residence. Now that University is starting (I will go to the residence next weekend), another friend (he'll be H) who I knew from the residence last year and we were in the same friend group has to take some exams next week. All in all, H has to stay from Sept 6th to Sept 13th. He asked if he could stay with me and B during this week (we can bring an extra mattress). What bothers me about he staying is that while me and B are at the university (we will have several mornings&afternoons occupied), H will do whatever he wants inside me and B's house, and while I trust him, I don't like the idea. Me and B said to him that we couldn't host him for a week, especially because it's against the residence rules, and therefore we couldn't have 3 keys to the room (plus what are we doing could bring us trouble). Are we the assholes for not letting he stay?"
87,"AITA to be angry about this situation regarding a car sale? Or is the buyer to blame? 4 weeks ago I agreed to sell my old car to someone I'll call R, who I knew via family members. He saw the car and liked it straight away, and was happy with my asking price of £200. Everything went fine until this week, when I finally handed over the keys to the old car, having got the new one (yay!), and thought that was the end of it. Now at this time, we agreed that he would give me a deposit of £100, with me giving him a couple of weeks until he'd pay me the rest. This was fair enough as I know him well and knew he wouldn't mess me around. Then a few days ago, I got a call. R had taken the car for a look over by a mechanic and was banging on about how it was going to cost £X to repair Y and £X to repair Z. Now at the time he first saw the car, I had pointed out to him that the car was in need of some attention, and he had still chosen to buy it. Similarly, I'd offered the car at a massive discount to offset the money which would need to be spent on it in terms of maintenance, and this was again something I mentioned to him at the time. Then there was the debacle over the tax disc. I'd initially wanted the car to be out of my hands a lot sooner than it did, and if it had, the tax disc wouldn't have been something I'd have had to deal with, as the car's ownership documents would have been transferred into the new owner's name and so this would have been something they'd have had to do (costing another £100). But because the car sold when it did, there was a massive amount of confusion about who should pay for the disc and when. Eventually I agreed to do it and paid, but that left me minus £100 I should have had. I had hoped in this case that the £100 that R had given me for the deposit would ensure at least that I broke even after paying for the tax disc, but that's when the other problem started. R phoned me and started dropping hints about how much the repairs were going to be and how he'd have to make a payment plan with the mechanic to cover it. Now to my mind, anyone who owns a car has to take some responsibility for the costs of doing so. I couldn't see why I should be flinging money at a car I didn't even own any more. But he wouldn't get off my case and so I agreed with him he could have the £100 deposit back towards the costs, but he would still owe me the rest of the money. So now I'm going to walk away from this deal with pretty much nothing because"
88,AITA for criticising someone's reddit-post for lack of relevance?
89,"AITA For wanting to fire my lawyer? So a bit of backstory in May of this year I was involved in a wreck where I was hit by a drunk driver and then she hauled ass off in her truck and hit a light pole about a mile down the road and was arrested. So since then I have had to go to physical therapy for several months out of my pocket until I can get reimbursed (I've spent almost $1000 just on that and Dr visits and I only make $8.12/hr) anyways I always took solace in the fact that she was in jail for what she did I looked up her arrest record to find out that less than a year ago she had received another sui charge and had her liscense suspended. So after dealing with the insurance company for about 2 months I decided that I should get a lawyer come to find out that she got charged with dui, driving with a suspended license and failure to yield. She was found not guilty of everything but the failure to yield so I'm fucking pissed about that already. Now here's where the new thing happened I checked my email this morning and saw I got an email from my lawyer and it read "" Good morning vapormaker843: I received a call this morning from Progressive advising that this claim was not reported to them until they received my letter. They are asking for an explanation as to why the claim was not reported at the time of the accident. Can you please update me in this regard? Thank you for your continued cooperation and I will anticipate your expeditious response."" Now please know neither me not the drunk idiot have progressive as put insurance provider. So why is my lawyer sending out personal information about me to a company that has nothing to do with them. And more importantly they are taking 33% or whatever I win so I'm paying them a third of my money and they can't even send the paperwork to the right insurance company. So is sent her back an email saying this ""Good afternoon ms. Lawyerlady, So I'm trying to figure out why progressive got sent anything at all? I have ""a good neighbor"" as my insurance provider and ms. Drunk idiot's insurance provider ""is on her side"". No one involved in the accident has progressive. So if you could please help clear this up I would appreciate it."" That was about as nice as I could word it. ( I still think I was. a bit too polite but I was raised to always treat people how you would like to be treated thanks southern hospitality!) As of yet I haven't heard back but in seriously contemplating getting rid of them and finding legal assistance elsewhere. So Reddit am I the asshole? Edit:some spelling"
90,"Friend won't give me back my money..AITA? so, my buddy asks for a $20 cause he needed a certain amount and gave me $7 for a 'down payment' and then he tells me he will be doing a job for a relative for about $20. later on I end up owing a local guy who sells griptape (for skateboards) about $15. (Not sure how but I forgot to give the griptape guy the 15 when I met up with him and so did he) I ask my buddy for my twenty back about 4-5 days after I lend it to him, he says if I want my money, I have to go to a local skatepark and ask people if they want a type of drug he had, since he's into a bunch of various drugs. I tell him no, basically said that's not my responsibility and I shouldn't have to do this to get my money back. (Keep in mind he's being fairly vague until now. It took about 3 texts for me to understand one thing he was sayin.) He then tells me he'll give me $8 to pay back the griptape guy. (Which is weird because I would've been paying the griptape guy back with my friends money, and I don't know who would owe who.) I was getting pretty mad at him and being pretty blunt, so once I understood, I apologized. I told him I was sorry for blowing up and that I misunderstood. He then texts me saying ""lol you only text me when you need something"" and asking if I talk Shit about him to my real friends (that came out of the blue I don't even fuckin know) this is the second time I've texted him to ask for my money. And this is the first situation I've actually needed something from him. I also tell him I don't talk shit about him to anyone, and I say bring me my money Monday, end of story. (I usually don't freak out about money but he went on for 10 minutes before I leant it to him about how ""I can trust him"" and ""it's him, he won't Fuck me over.) he goes on about how I needed to go to my friends house, (the guy that owes me money is not friends with him anymore, longer story.) get my friend that owes me his grinder, and not to come back without it and that he won't have my money Monday. I don't reply because, fuck that. No money, No grinder. He then asks if I want a $20 bill, I say two fives and a ten, he says ""do you know what friendship is?"" I say ""obviously I do"" because I'm pretty Pissed at that point, and that's the end. I still don't know if he's gonna give me back the money. Again, usually wouldn't make a big deal, but the guy I owe $15 is a local business man, and I've bought multiple sheets of griptape from him, he's a good dude, and"
91,"AITA for planning on withholding my brother's video game? Here's some backstory: A couple months back I bought an XBOX 360 controller since our other ones are kind of crappy. I bought it for $30. The controller worked fine, however, I instructed my brothers that under no circumstances are they to use this without my permission (because they are known to leave things around/break them). Lo and behold, I find one using the controller without my consent. Because I wasn't particularly pissy that day, I told him he could continue to use it ***in the event he puts it back unharmed.*** He doesn't put it back, but instead puts it in a precarious spot where it can fall. I tell him to move it, but he refuses. Later on, he ends up dropping and breaking the controller (he technically broke the mechanism that connects the right trigger to the circuit, which renders RT unusable. Therefore, the whole thing is useless because RT is so universaly used). I inform him of this, and tell him he can get me a new controller or reimburse me for my purchase. While normally I wouldn't care, this particular controller was the only one that worked with the computer, so I cannot play games that require a controller now (emulators). ---- Fast forward to now: my brother announces that he is planning to buy a new hunting game (with what funds, I don't know, since he doesn't have a job and has been known to take money). I tell him that he must get me a new controller before proceeding with the purchase. He at first dodges it, claiming the controller isn't mine, then that he didn't brake it (even though I have a witness), followed by his flat-out refusal to purchase it. Now I am planning to take his new game and withhold it from him until he reimburses me for the controller he broke. I have given him multiple warnings, and he had ignored all of them. Does that make me an asshole? P.S. I have more than enough money to purchase a new controller. This is more about his refusal to repay me and his ignorance than it is my care for a new controller. **TL;DR** - My brother owes me money for something of mine he broke. He is planning to buy something, and I plan to take it from him until he brings me my money or a replacement."
92,"AITA For wanting to quit after three days. I started working at a convenience store on Friday night. Its a nice, higher end convenience store, but isn't nationwide. I don't want to name names for obvious reasons. I got hired on the overnight shift. I was kind of weary about this even in my interview. I am a full time student in university right now, so even though she told me I would be doing overnights on weekends (mostly Friday night and Saturday night), I wasn't sure if I could handle it. The job isn't particularly bad, its just not something I really want to go to every weekend between 10 PM and 6 AM, and not something I want to fuck up my sleep schedule to do either. I'm already feeling the effects of this, as I slept between the hours of 7 AM and 11 AM this morning (or... yesterday), but now at 1 AM, I can't fall asleep. I also just don't really like the job. Its overnights at a 24/hr convenience store, not particularly exciting. I like the people who work there, and they seem to like me, but its a lot of the shit work that I'm not keen on doing. I'm still actively looking for jobs. I've only worked three days and I've already decided I kind of hate it. Am I the Asshole because as soon as I find a new, different, better job, I plan on putting in a two weeks and getting the fuck out of there?"
93,"AITA for not turning and cutting off oncoming traffic? This morning, I was stopped at the ""T"" [right here] waiting for the traffic to clear up so I could turn right on Ohio. There were a LOT of cars, as there always are in the morning, heading towards Sepulveda, so you kind of have to wait a long time for someone to actually slow down and let you in. Or you have to wait for the light at Sepulveda to turn red and for traffic to pile up at it and work its way back to you before someone ""keeps clear"" and provides a gap you can go into once the light turns green and people start to take off again. Anyway, this older dude behind me in a sedan starts honking and flipping me off, telling me to ""go! go! go!""... I motioned to him that there was still oncoming traffic, and that I would be cutting them off if I went, but he continued to honk and flip me off. I told him to calm down, at which point he flew off the handle and started flipping me off even harder and yelling at the top of his lungs. I just patiently waited for a sufficient gap to appear. When I did enter Ohio, he followed close behind, still honking and flipping me off. I was going to turn left on Sepulveda, so when I got into the turning lane, he pulls up beside me on my right and goes, ""FUCK YOU!! SUCK MY DICK! MOTHERFUCKER!!"" whilst flipping me off. He then proceeded to turn right, going south on Sepulveda. I figured he probably could have saved himself some headaches if he had just turned on Massachusetts instead. But am I the asshole for not endangering myself and those around me?"
94,"AITA for calling out suitemates racism, but apparently not understanding their lives? Not sure if this is important, but I'm a female living in a gender neutral suite with two guys (Frank and Liam). They are my best friends at school, but we are currently not talking because we had an argument that eventually led to Frank's girlfriend (Tina) storming out over being called racist. I will paraphrase the conversation. Frank: Seriously guys, I know that I joke about being racist, but I'm really not. But, in my personal experience, every single black girl I've ever met has been really fucking rude and annoying. Me: ...No, that's definitely racist. Frank: It's really not because it's true [insert story here] Me: Just because that happened doesn't mean you can stereotype an entire group of people Frank wtf. Tina: Throwawayparro, I've slept with this man for two years, he's no racist. I wouldn't sleep with a racist! Me: But literally what he just said was fucking racist, and honestly, you're racist! I've heard you say racist shit! Tina: No I just talk about stuff that's happened to me. They're racist against me. They're all fucking like that. Blah blah, they get money for school and I don't just because of their skin color. Frank: Okay, FINE throwawayparro, I'm RACIST because of my PERSONAL EXPERIENCES. [Insert hour long argument about white privilege etc] Liam: Okay throwawayparro, my sister was once threatened by a black guy that he'd rape her and now she's scared of black guys. Can you really say that's racist? Me: I'm sorry that happened to her, but YES! That's racist! Tina: There's no way that's racist, I can totally understand why she'd feel that way! Eventually during this conversation, Tina admits that she really hates black people. [Insert me trying to explain what racism is and that even if you feel justified for hating a group of people, you're still racist] Tina: Okay you know what you have no idea what I've been through and how hard my job has been because of all the awful shit black people say to me at my job, and you obviously DON'T CARE. [Tina proceeds to storm off] So basically the argument ended after that, there's a lot of other shit that happened but those are the barebone details. I guess it's important to mention that Tina honestly has had a really shitty life and it's hard for her to understand privilege because she's extremely poor, and I feel for her, but some of the things she said were still completely unacceptable to me. Now none of those three people will talk to me except Frank occasionally, it's been two days. AITA?"
95,AITA for having this argument with a feminist?
96,"AITA for getting mad at someone for stating his opinion on someone else's sexuality? [Context 1] [Context 2] [My posts] I got a bit upset here, and I wanted to know if anyone thinks I was justifiably upset, or if I was overreacting."
97,"AITAH for Chewing out an Amazon Marketplace Business? So I order a computer case fulfilled through an amazon seller at about 1pm on a thursday. Base shipping was around $11, ""Expedited"" is $20. I want it by the weekend so I grab the ""Expedited"" option. On saturday, I decide to track the package and there still isn't tracking info up. I send them a friendly email to the extent of ""hey, could you update the tracking info?"" They do, and it turns out that it was shipped FedEx ground. When I send them an email asking ""What gives, I paid for expedited,"" they didn't sent me anything back. Finally, about a week after I get the package (7 days after they ship it), I post a review that reflects my displeasure. Yesterday, they get back to me that if I remove the review, they will refund the excess money I paid for expedited shipping. I say I will as long as they tell me what the alternate method for non-expedited shipping is. They just got back to me and told me that it's ground. They literally charged me $10 for nothing, their reasoning is that ""it would have taken two weeks otherwise,"" meaning it would have taken them seven days to actually put it in the mail. Now, $10 isn't a lot of money, that's why i spent it on something as trivial as getting a package a few days earlier, but from where I'm sitting, it looks like they are scamming people double for shipping and pocketing pure profit and that just doesn't sit right with me. I want to send them a ""fuck you, this isn't how ethical business is done"" email and open a ticket with amazon, but I wanted to run it by a third party first in case I actually am the asshole."
98,"AITA for hating my dad and uncle? I'm using a throw away. So, I am still in High School, but growing up my life hasn't been very fun. My parents divorced early and I lived with my mom from 6-13 in Ohio, whereas I had been in Texas before. Anyway, When I was 13, I came home from school one day and my mom had been arrested for like the 5th time for doing drugs. But this time was permanent. (I haven't seen her since.) After that, my grandma drove up to Ohio from Texas to get me, and brought my dad with her. Then we drove back, and I moved in with my grandma. My grandma is awesome. Anyway, I found out shortly after moving in that my uncle would also be living with my grandma. My uncle is 40. He has ""mental problems"" as my grandparents describe it, so they use that as an excuse to put up with his bs, such as leaving messes everywhere, trashes my grandmas car, never having a job, and they said he will probably never move out because is isn't capable. So that went on for about 2 years, and oh man I hated it. His blatant disrespect for how lucky he was made me so angry. He was practically sucking financial resources out of my grandparents for free because he was lazy. Two years of rent free life. That combined with the fact that he is an enormous jerk really makes me hate him. After those 2 years, my grandma brings up that my dad, back in Dallas (I live in a very small town about an hour away) has been living on the streets long enough, so she lets HIM move in as well. When HE moves in, he does the same thing as my uncle. Freeloading, whining, being ungrateful, and just generally being a drain and a pain in the ass. Having to live with these two constantly makes me dread being home. It has made me really sour. I literally never smile when they are around, and I never speak to them. When they speak to me I just answer with quick one word answers and try to end the conversation as quickly as possible. My uncle still lives here, going on nearly 4 years (I'm 16.). My dad has been here for about 3 months, but he is no closer to moving out than he was when he got here. I am constantly reassured he will be gone as soon as he gets his first paycheck, but he doesn't have a job and I'm not holding my breathe. My grandma knows I am super unhappy with them being here, but she and my sister both say I am being a dick. They say that my dad and uncle are family, and I shouldn't hate them, that I should give them more chances. Since my entire life all of my family, besides my little sister and grandparents, have been drug addicts, failures, and freeloaders, I never really learned to value"
99,"I wasn't satisfied with having to take a class over the summer so I went around my adviser and asked the professor how he felt. AITA? **TLDR: I didn't pass a class I needed to continue in my program. I wanted to make it up during the fall semester instead of over the summer. My adviser said I couldn't so I went straight to the professor and was told I was disrespectful for going over her head. AITA?** For my major I needed a B- minimum in a lower level history class. I got a C+. I was told I had to take another lower level history class over the summer on campus to continue in the program. Most students live within an hour of campus. I live out of state and couldn't afford to stay on campus. I talked to my adviser and got approved to take a similar, very expensive, class online through another university. Older students in my position mentioned that they didn't have to make up the lower level class over the summer and they took an additional upper level history class during the school year. My adviser said that was not an option. I was not satisfied. I went to the very old and influential history professor for our department and asked him what he'd be most comfortable with. He sided with me because of a number of factors including: * my distance from home * students doing the same thing in the past * my good GPA * not trusting an outside institution * overlapping content with my minor. He claimed to be the one I really needed permission from. When I told my adviser I was informed I was being disrespectful for trying to work around the system and going over her head after getting a no. I ended up taking the online class. The way I see it I was trying to be assertive, explore all my options, advocate for myself, and avoid financial costs. The way she sees it I'm an entitled brat who thinks the rules don't apply to me, they were generous enough by letting me stay home, and I should have just made the grade to begin with. What do you think? Was I the asshole? In the end, if I had any shot of saving myself and my family a few thousand dollars of tuition, it was probably worth offending someone but I'm still torn up over it."
100,"AITA for smiling at someone on the subway? My boyfriend and I visited Toronto recently to go to the Museum. Parking is expensive, so we parked at the edge of the city and took the subway. We had a great day, and I was in a really good mood. The subway was packed on our way back, but I didn't let it dampen my mood. I stood holding the bar and I guess I had made eye contact with various people (mistake #1, I suppose). This young woman sitting with a magazine says ""why are you smiling at me?"" Me, leaning forward: I'm sorry? Her: You shouldn't smile at people. It's insulting. Me: Oh...sorry. The whole thing had me really perplexed, which turned into annoyance. Part of me wishes I'd reacted a little faster (""if you think that's insulting, wait until you hear this one, lady...""). Part of me also wondered if it was cultural, but she didn't have an accent at all (whatever that's worth). So, am I the asshole here? I completely understand if you call me a weirdo, but smiling at her wasn't really intentional. Like I said, I was in a good mood."
101,"AITA for closing my door? When I was little I always had to have my door open. Now that I'm older I want to close it more for privacy. Since I stated closing my door I was told I'm ""shutting her (my mom) out"". Am I an asshole for closing my door?"
102,"AMA if I send a tweet to this guy's employer? A guy I know who is a bit of a d-bag tweeted an insensitive and inappropriate joke about women getting cat called on the street. Am I an asshole if I send his tweet to his employer, with some stuff about how they should hire more upstanding and thoughtful people?"
103,"AMA for my comment i made towards my moms boyfriend and my attitude towards him now? today i was very busy studying for my nursing classes and didnt get much sleep the night before. i have 2 tests next week and several quizzes so i need to put as much focus on my ability to study/study as i can. im young (19) so i still live with my mom. just as i was hitting burnout she texted me asking to put the dishes up. i respond that im going to take a short nap (ive slept very little this week) but will do it when i wake up. ok. no problem. i wake up to slamming dishes in the kitchen. my moms boyfriend (who has lived with us for 5 months) was home, and is very anal about cleanliness. sure enough he was pissed off that he got home and the dishes werent done or put away. so i go over there and help him. hes still angry though, because apperently he asked my siblings to do some chores and they didnt do them. this bit of detail isnt me thinking hes an asshole, its just the events that will lead up to what im asking about. so my mom gets home to see him all stern-faced and asks him whats wrong. no comment. mom says ""ok..."" and shakes it off. she asks him to hand him something from the sink. he threw it in her direction with an attitude. mom got mad at him and told him not to ever do that. he ignored her and gave her the silent treatment for the next 2 hours. this made me mad. i mean, i never really have been involved in a healthy relationship so i dont know whats normal, but this isnt is it? i see it as childish. not long after that her boyfriend called me over because he needed help printing something off facebook, so i did it. i dont remember how the conversation got started, but he was talking about how his biological daughter cusses him out sometimes and hes surprised i havent yet. now, hes dating my mom for the long haul so i said ""im sure i will eventually. heck, i expect us all to cuss eachother out at some point"". what i meant was that all families get in big fights and im sure we will too. i dont normally cuss AT people though. im more inclined to say ""what the hell"" over ""you can go to hell"" for example.i was tired and not thinking clearly, so im not sure my comment came out right. i say that because directly after that he made one of those jokes where its unclear if there are serious connotations behind it about me sleeping in my room all day. again, im tired. this isnt the first time ive heard this because i really do hole myself up in my room while im studying for hours at a time. people assume im sleeping when im not. i work hard and"
104,Is this 'mansplaining?' I'm feeling bad now!
105,"AITA for holding up the line while I check my order? (minor etiquette issue) I'm in the drive-through at McDonald's. It's rush hour and pretty busy. The last two times I was there, they screwed up the order in a way that you couldn't see until you unwrap or open everything. So this time, when I get my order I open each sandwich wrapper before I drive away to make sure things are right. The guy behind me blasts his horn repeatedly as if I'm sitting at a green light. Now, I understand his point. Even if he knows exactly what I'm doing, he probably thinks I should pull forward to let him get to the window before I spend everyone's time checking on my order. But I don't want to do this because if they did screw it up, I'll have to park, go inside, and explain it to someone who had nothing to do with it (or drive around and wait behind at least 4 cars). Also, since I sat and waited at that window for at least a half minute before they showed up with food, I don't think I wasted any time that made a difference to the next car. So, was I being a jerk?"
106,"AMTA for not wanting to deal with a guy who i have never had any sort of relation friendlier than ""obligatorily civil""? So me and my buddies are playing some league, and we really need a fifth player, so they suggest doucheface. Doucheface and I have never gotten along and i try to avoid him at most instances where we're in the same room for whatever reason. Me, not wanting to be around doucheface, decide to exit the lobby to avoid conflict. Am i an asshole?"
107,"AITA for thinking my sister should give me a cut of her profit here? My sister was/is planning on going to a Taylor Swift concert with my mother. She needed $150 per ticket but didn't have enough. She asked me if she could borrow $200 to buy the two tickets so I gave it to her with promise she'd pay me back in her coming paycheck. The next day I get a call from her saying she accidently bought tickets in the wrong section and needed to borrow my credit card to buy a new set of tickets. This caught me off guard and she and I have not been on the best of terms because of unrelated events - to summarize pissing her off will end very very badly for me in my current position, but I don't think she realizes that. Because of this I reluctatly gave her my card number so she could buy the second pair of tickets. The second pair cost $329 total. So at this point I'm out $529. She's since payed me back $100 of this. Still out $429. I jokingly told her that she should split the profit with me or atleast give me a cut when she sells the other tickets. She responded rather emotinally saying I was being selfish and that she needed the extra money to put into her savings account. She currently has the other tickets listed for $450 EACH meaning she'd be making over $500 off of what I lent her and had to inconvenience myself to lend to her. Am I the asshole for expecting a cut of the profit when she put me on the spot to lend her money then later revealed she was only buying the second set to flip them?"
108,"AITA for trying to fix a phone screen, but making it unusable? Ok, so today, I was replacing a phone screen for a girl. I thought it was just the glass that was broke, but the digitizer (that senses the touches) was also damaged. I took that apart, and told her that the replacement would be more than a new phone (which is true), but now she is without a phone, as her cracked phone was still working ok."
109,"AITA For Not Agreeing to Take My Co-Workers shift I have been working at this job for a few years now. Earlier this year management told us that they want to hire some younger people in their teens/twenties *(their friends kids)* who would do what they say without question. I went from working six days a week to two. I took this as an opportunity to go to school with all of the new free time. The new worker that has my shift has decided they wanted to start taking classes and asked me could I take back my Mondays. *I told them I don't know about that, and I don't know if I want to since they removed me from those days in the first place. Plus you can't make any schedule changes without talking to management anyway.* So I'm not suppose to see them again to Thurs but I come in on Tues and they are in my spot. The manager comes in and ask what happened to me taking the co-workers spot on Monday. I told her that I never agreed to take their spot. The manager turned and asked them I thought you said /u/PM_Me_YourDong agreed to switch with you. The co-worker tried to say I agreed but I corrected them again and the manager told the co-worker this was their fault. Now they are acting angry at me. I think what made me angry about this is that she could make a change to my schedule without the manger talking to me to confirm it. Sorry for the wall of text, but Am I the asshole?"
110,"Situation on a train. AITA or was the other guy to blame? Yesterday I went by train to another town, as I had an appointment. Now the train I knew was going to take a while and so I took a book with me. Now the book I'd chosen was *Na Drini Ćuprija*, a well known Serbian book. Even if you didn't know it was Serbian the Cyrillic writing on the front was prominent enough that someone would know that it wasn't English. Now the train was busy but I managed to find a seat in a corner and I just quietly got on with reading. Now a couple of seats down this man kept looking at me and muttering something I couldn't quite hear. My guess is that he saw the book and just assumed I was non-English speaking or something. After a while he became more vocal and I could hear stupid comments about how I 'should' be reading in English and how it was 'disgusting' that I was in public like I was. I proceeded to loom directly in his direction quite audibly call him a rather rude name in Serbian (budala, meaning fool or idiot). This was more to make him aware that I was hearing him than anythiing else, and he seemed to shut up. About 5min later he began chanting 'EDL, EDL' and making comments about how I.should be deported, as well as a number of comments like ''England's for English people only"". By this point a lot of people on the train were getting irritated as they just wanted a peaceful trip. But no-one did anything. By this point I got ridiculously pissed because I just wanted to resd in peace. I got up out of my seat, went over to him and got right in his face. I was so pissed off however that I initially spoke to him in Serbian, telling him ""da, govorim srpski jezik. Da li imate problem?!"". (Yes, I speak Serbian. Do you have a problem?""). Then I shouted at him in English that he needed to keep his pathetic pea-brained opinions to himself among other things. Chances are that he didn't actually understand what I said to him initially, and I'm wondering if this, or my whole confrontation with him pushed me into asshole category. So I'm going to let reddit decide who was the asshole here?"
111,"AITA reacting to my girlfriend when she said ""whatever"" about my anxiety disorder. I was born with an anxiety disorder that has slowly destroyed my life since I was 13. I've gone through 2 psychiatrists and 1 psychologist specializing in neuro-feedback therapy. After dozens of therapy sessions, emergency hospital visits, and thousands of dollars worth of medical debt, my only form of control over my anxiety has been taking xanax for the past 6+ years. I've been with my girlfriend for over 3 years and my anxiety disorder has yet to be fully understood by her. We've had arguments before about it and she's said things like, ""Everyone stresses out all the time, you're not alone in this"" and ""All you need to do is thing positive thoughts and relax"" or ""Being addicted to drugs isn't the answer"". She can't seem to grasp the uncontrollable, life grasping, dark and depressing nature of anxiety and how it is a mental disorder and not just a mood swing. I think it's because she and her family have never dealt with mental disorder before and, like many of us redditors deal with, have no idea what the solution or results are. So I went to her dentist's office today because I wanted to try a new dentist. When I went today, I asked her dentist if she could schedule the first cleaning for another time because I have anxiety and I need to take medicine to be able to be calm through even the most basic medical procedures. In fact, I start to hyperventilate, get short breath, and panic when I go to job interviews if I don't take xanax beforehand. So her dentist totally understood and told me she's there to make things as comfortable as I need. I was on the phone with my girlfriend just talking about my day and I told her this bit and she says, ""Why didn't you let her just do the cleaning? She would have let you relax or calm down if you needed to"" but it's not as simple as that. If I begin to get an anxiety attack, it will take a lot of downtime for me to get past it and the experience of it is too horrible for me to willingly go through. I tried to tell my girlfriend this and she says, ""Okay fine, whatever, I just think you don't need to pop pills all the time and should have just let her do her job."" ... So I stayed silent for a bit and then just hung up on her. Now I'm pissed off at her and just wanna cuss her out. Am I the asshole here? I have a god damn mental disorder that's plagued me for the past 10+ years and it will most likely stay with me for the rest of my life. I would have probably killed myself long ago if I didn't have xanax to keep my brain from going crazy and my body from self destructing. But it's all trivialized by my girlfriend, as if"
112,Am I the asshole for not giving people at my school a ride? When the ask me almost every day and I say no
113,"AITA for not inviting a guy to my wedding? Backstory: I was the best man in a friend's wedding roughly 4 years ago. We were decent friends and we would hang out a good deal. After he got married, no one really saw him again. He was around, but was busy with his marriage and finishing up his degree (we were both in the same year of undergrad in different majors). So we drifted apart. And then about 2.5 years ago, we basically stopped talking completely. He had moved off campus and was commuting to classes. It's cool. It happens. And neither one of us really made an effort to hang out with the other or make contact at all. Fast forward to 2013- I proposed to my girlfriend and we started the engagement process. We started making invite lists and had to trim them down drastically. We got to my friend and decided that it would be alright if we didn't invite him and his wife. He had a bit of an argumentative attitude and we knew that he probably wouldn't get along with one of her family members. Plus, we figured it would be one of those situations where they knew we were getting married (yay for Facebook) and would be happy for us, but would understand not being invited since we had drifted so far apart. Last week, I received a series of texts from the first friend saying that they are severely hurt and upset that they included me in their wedding and now they don't even get invited to ours. I told him that I could see where he was coming from, and that we would love it if they could make it. He gave me an address to send an invitation but told me that he probably couldn't get the time off work. My thought was, ""Sooooo...you want me to send you an invitation to a wedding you weren't invited to...so that you can say that you can't make it?"" Am I in the wrong here? I get that I was his best man, but we honestly hadn't talked for at least two years. Was I wrong for assuming it was fine not to invite him?"
114,"AITA for expecting my roommate to move out? I live in an apartment with to girls. A month ago, one of them announced she was moving out December 5th (today) to live with her boyfriend. Pretty awkward timing because I'm just about to go abroad for five weeks, but I went all-out on my quest to find someone to replace her and, a few days ago, this Korean girl agreed to move in. The day after, my roommate splits up with her boyfriend and decides she wants to stay. I feel rather stuck between a rock and a hard place. On the one hand, me and roommate have been good friends, she just finished a long-term relationship, and she doesn't really have anywhere else to go except her cousin. On the other, this Korean girl just arrived in the country two weeks ago, I really don't want to start off her experience her by fucking her over, and she's spent a while buying stuff for this room in this apartment. When I got told about the break up, I figured the fairest thing I could do was stick with the original two agreements - that roommate was moving out, and that the other girl was moving in. Roommate is not happy about this (not angry either, just very sad as she's just lost her boyfriend and her home)."
115,"I wanna know who the asshole was in this. This is about two people, R and K, K is dating a girl, and R's mother passed away from cancer in October. Well R really likes K's girlfriend and sends her a text that said ""I think you and me should have a secret relationship."" The girl told K and he is pissed, since they are both in football, they have a weight-lifting class, and they were in the locker room when K confronts him about it. I guess they argued a little then K said this: ""*Listen here, I will put you 6 feet under the ground so you can burn in hell with your mother.*"" K pushed R to the ground and then the coach came in and picked up R then K punched him right in the face, giving him a black eye. My friend, A is the one who told me about this, I told A that K had no right to make fun of R's mother like that even though what R did was douchie. Me and my friends, apart from A, think that even though what R did was wrong he did not deserve to be made fun of like that. (If your wondering why this is a throwaway, it's because my friends know my real Reddit name and I don't want them to know I put this on the internet.)"
116,"[AITA] for asking my girlfriend to sleep on the floor? So my girlfriend is currently visiting London, England for a couple of days. Instead of paying for a hotel room, she decided to crash at the dorm room of a friend she knew from undergrad. This guy's dorm room is small, and he only has a twin (single) bed. She told me that he refused to sleep on the floor, and said that the bed is big enough for the two of them. Now, this guy asked her a few months ago, during the summer and before we were dating, if she wanted him to eat her out. So I'm already uncomfortable with this situation. So I ask her if she would sleep on the floor, in order to soothe my worries. Keep in mind that this is only for two nights total. My girlfriend responded very negatively towards this, saying that I don't trust her, and that I need to stop micromanaging her while she's there. Am I the asshole in this situation?"
117,"[AITA] for my opinion on a band and ""real fans""? Disclaimer: I really do not care very much about this topic. I am just kind of posting here for my own sanity, and maybe to reflect in a ""change my view"" sort of way. My girlfriend is a big fan of The 1975, a band that is gaining a lot of popularity right now. She has gotten me into this band also, and even though I had heard a few of their songs before, it's really to her credit that I listen to their music right now. But anyway, she has been into the band for probably over a year now. Recently, popular acts like One Direction, Taylor Swift, and 5 Seconds of Summer have cited the band as a favorite of theirs, giving them an influx of new fans who have not liked the band for as long. On top of this, the band is very popular with the ""hipster"" crowd online (especially on tumblr) and she seems to fit into that crowd on this issue. She often complains about the new fans, claiming that she is a bigger fan because she has followed the music for longer. She tends to get a very (excuse me for the bias here) elitist attitude, going as far as to say that the people who haven't liked the band for as long as she and some of the other fans have are only pretending to like them because it's somewhat the cool thing to do right now. She was very vocal in her complaints about the ""fourteen year olds"" who apparently are not mature enough to like this music and are only doing so because they saw One Direction tweet about them or something. She also claims that the concerts are ""kind of ruined now"" because all of these younger fans act viciously and violently to get near the stage and scream at the boys on stage, although I didn't see much of anything even close to this when we saw them in concert. She maintains that I couldn't possibly understand how violent fourteen year old girls are at concerts because I am a boy. In addition, I have pointed out that these fans are in exactly the same spot years ago when she was close to that age with acts like Justin Bieber and One Direction. I really don't mind her opinion, and it's not like an issue that we fight about or anything, but if it comes up I just kind of shake it off and nod my head while she rants about something I completely disagree with. I do not judge her for this nor do I think it's my place to try to ""correct"" her, but I just kind of needed to get this off of my chest and also confirm that it isn't ridiculous for me to be annoyed when she brings something like this up. Clearly it does bother me a little that we have such opposing viewpoints, enough even to post about it on reddit, but I"
118,"[AITA] For giving the guy red yellow and green rubber bands? I work at a pet store. A man came in and asked for a dozen feeder fish. He was a big black guy with dreads. When I tied it up with the bands, I grabbed red green and yellow out of the assorted bag to be silly. He then gave me a dirty look and starting talking with a thick accent. He asked if I was trying to insult him. I told him no, I was only matching his wrist band which was a rasta band with a big pot leaf on it.( He was wearing a necklace with a pot plant symbol on it too.) He then snatched it out of my hand sort of aggressively and walked away. I wasnt being racist ( intentionally at least) because i would have done the same for a white guy dressed the same way. I mean he clearly liked the color scheme. I get that he might have some spiritual Rastafarian philosophy, but I assumed by the giant glittery pot leaves that it wasn't that serious. Is it really a big deal that I was matching his band? Is that offensive? I felt sort of uneasy and upset that he got that mad about it. Am I the asshole?"
119,"Am I an asshole for not visiting? I'm 19 and living in my mom's house. My parents are pretty much divorced right now and my dad has been on his own for about a year now. I have visited him maybe once a month during this time while my brother has been staying with him almost every other week (he is 12, so no choice). Im starting to feel really bad for being a loner and not visiting. There is nothing wrong with my dad, I love him a ton. I just like to be alone in my room. My excuse this whole time has been that I have college and two jobs, which I do, but I still have plenty of free time. If my parents' roles were switched, I would just stay in my room at my dad's place. Am I being an asshole, or is this normal? And if you have any advice I would love to hear it."
120,"[AITA] for dealing badly with a stupid drunken situation? Last night, I was in town for a while, and on the way back I stopped in at my friend's apartment to chill with her for a while and potentially crash on her couch. I've done this a bunch of times over the last few months and there's never been any issue with this. On my way there, I stopped at a liquor store and bought a decent bottle of vodka, trying to be a good guest. So I got there at about 9:45, and went up to her apartment. Her new boyfriend was there, along with my friend's flatmate (gonna call her R) and her boyfriend. So I got the vodka out, everyone's happy to see it, and we played some drinking games for a while, nothing too crazy, mainly blackjack... feeling like a little bit of a 5th wheel here, but nothing too awkward... and yes, i had asked my friend if me being there was ok. By 11, the vodka was finished and the five of us were all pretty drunk, and my friend ended up reading Pride and Prejudice in the corner. I went and talked to her for a while, and eventually I took the book and read a few lines out in a kinda Mr Darcy voice, nothing too loud or annoying, I just like reading aloud.. When I did that, R came over to me and tried to rip the book away from me. I hung on to it, we ended up struggling for it, eventually she slapped me in the face and threw the book, hard, at my friend... and R and I ended up yelling at each other, eventually I went back to my beanbag and she came over and tried to knee me in the balls. At this point, R's boyfriend came back from the bathroom, and I made a dumb joke about how he'd have to keep R on a leash or face getting his balls bitten off.. which he laughed at. While we were drinking, another one of my friend's flatmates had come in from work, and she ended up giving R and I this long spiel about how we need to calm down, etc., especially me because it wasn't my home... I was a little bit snarky and she ended up telling me to shut up and stop trying to have the last word.. but eventually everyone calmed down a little. At this point, R went out to the balcony area, I figured she'd gone out for a smoke.. But she stayed out there for ages, and eventually my friend's boyfriend tells me that I should probably get going, and I realized (way too late) that R's really, really offended. I got my stuff together and left, but when I was outside the door, R's boyfriend came out, and told me that if I ever treated R like that again I'd be waking up in hospital.. I managed to calm him down, shook his hand, and told him to tell"
121,"AITA in this work situation? I work in a largish store which has, among other things, a system where you can reserve things online for collection in the shop- you place the order, we receive it, generate the paperwork, find it in the shop and put it behind the customer service desk in a special cupboard we use for these orders. This is an important feature of this story. I came on shift at 12 today (short shift, with it being Christmas Eve) and was running the customer service desk by myself, as well as having to keep an eye on queues and call staff as and when needed. With it also being Christmas Eve, it was busier than usual and so I never got so much as a chance to step away from my till. During the course of my shift, people had been bringing down these orders, and I was always told by managers that it was the person dealing with the orders who rang customers (letting them know their order was ready, or if items were out of stock and so on), who put the paperwork away and who put the orders away in the collection cupboard. However these people had mostly just dumped them on my desk, blocking about half the desk with paperwork and stuff. Bear in mind my desk is a good 20ft or so long, and so we're talking not just a few bits and pieces but about 20 or so different customers' orders. I politely requested that one of the staff from the floor, who was already at tills, but was met with some idiotic excuses about 'being busy' (as though I wasn't) and so I ended up getting one of the other cashiers to put things in the cupboard whilst I filed the paperwork away. About an hour before finishing another order came down and again the same thing happened where it got dumped on my desk. This time I got pretty narked, as we were still busy and so I was wary of leaving my desk, and so I cornered the staff member and had the following discussion (not their real name)- **Me**: Is that another order? Željko: Oh, yeah, you'll need to put it away and ring the customer. **Me**: That's not what I was told by a manager, and you can see I've got queues to deal with. Can I make a polite request that you make the call and then put the order away? Željko: (*gets all huffy and pissed off) well don't you know I've got my own stuff to be getting on with?! **Me**: Look, I'm telling you what I've been told, and this is about the 5th time I've been told something different about how we're supposed to do these orders. It's not my problem if people can't be consistent. Željko: Oh OK then, but I'm reporting this to *manager*! **Me**: Feel free, I'll tell them exactly what I told you just now, that people are just expecting I'll come running and do their bidding if"
122,"AITA for disagreeing with my boss over my apparent responsibility towards reimbursing a customer who shoplifted $150 of smokes? I'll keep this vague, since as of yet I don't wholly know whether a crime has been filed with the police and whether or not my employer wishes to follow through with his initial inclinations. All I know is that yesterday, Saturday the 3rd, a customer at the convenience store/small mom-and-pop sized pharmacy I cashier/stock at walked out with two ~$75 cartons of cigarettes an zoomed off in his still-on car. I was the attending cashier, but the carton theif made particular certainty to distract both another clerk and I with several legitimate questions on price an expiration. He claimed he wanted his mother to decide between the two separate brands, but took the cartons in hand toward the door. I joked with my coworker that it would be startling funny if he just left while we examined his other potential purchases; when he actually did this both my fellow clerk and the one attending pharmacist raced out to stop him, but to no avail. I remained inside as other patrons were still in the building. Now, with the position that my placing of the cartons on the cashier tables was negligible, my manager said both over the phone and in a conversation with the aforementioned clerk after I left Saturday afternoon that the $150 and change lifted ought to be redacted from my upcoming paycheck, the equivalent of about 3 of the 5 hour shifts I do on days I work. At no time in my training was I informed that this was to be avoided; I've been working there for about a month without any similar incident occurring. I still have yet to speak with him in person, or be enlightened on the extent of his and the owner's pursuit of law enforcement, but right off the bat I disagree heavily that I was culpable enough to be more or less fined the lost cost for my inability to spot and stop a criminal act during work hours. I live in NJ and I have very little knowledge of how a business' liability insurance decides these cases; I'd like very much to soon come up with a rational position to take when I speak with him tomorrow afternoon. AITA for not feeling responsible for my workplace's loss of money and for believing that the owner is capable of recuperating these losses without my reprimanding?"
123,"Am I an asshole just for saying that it's good that someone provided more info? I don't really need to tell the story because the whole relatively short conversation is here: http://www.reddit.com/r/WTF/comments/2r3w2n/children_beating_a_gay_rights_activist_protesting/cnchjjs?context=3 The way I see it, I just pointed out that I'm glad somebody put context around a picture that could have had a very misleading title, but didn't. The other guy seems to have reacted as if I'm denying that gay bashing has ever happened. Am I wrong about this?"
124,"AITA for wanting to cut my kids hair? Backstory: My ex and I have been split up for 4 years, we have two kids, ages 6 and 8. We have 50/50 split custody. I am a barber by trade, I am good at what I do, and I like to cut my own children's hair. I generally let the kids pick their own haircuts. Now: My younger child has been growing out his hair since summer, trying to get it long enough to tie back. He has been bullied a lot by dad and grandma (who helps raise them during dad's 50%) for liking ""girly"" things like my little pony, the colors pink and purple, and wanting dress up clothes. They have also been pressuring him to cut his hair for the last couple months, to which I've said ""he's growing it out for winter, I'll cut it when he is ready"" . On Sunday, during child exchange time, Grandma and I get into it over this bullying. We have a raised voice conversation on my porch about how I am forcing my child to like girly things, and causing my older child grief from the embarrassment of having a brother who likes my little pony. I tell her she is being a bully, that my child can choose what they like to wear and what shows to watch, older kid needs to such it up, and I would see them next week at child exchange time. Good bye. I pick up my younger kid from school today, and they have a cropped short hack job haircut from Great Clips. My kid says grandma pressured him into this haircut, but he doesn't hate it too bad. On top of it feeling to me like an act of revenge for Sunday's fight, it's an awful haircut, and I had to take him into my shop after supper and fix all the uneven bits. Bangs were crooked, cowlick wasn't cut down, and it had no texture at all. Basically a bowl cut. I will note that my older kid, who also needs a haircut, was not taken in for a Great Clips haircut. I cut his hair this evening. I text ex husband and tell him that I'm a Barber, I want to cut the kids hair. It's my job, my passion, and my kids. He says it's just hair, doesn't matter who cuts it. Can't see why this is important to me. I try to stand my ground, tell him that next time I want to cut the kids hair and he tells me I'm being an aggressive ass and making waves for no reason. I am fucking livid, man. And I can't tell if I am being unreasonable or not, because I am so wrapped up in the bigger picture - bullying of my kid for having non-conforming interests, and feeling like this haircut was a direct attack for challenging the family matriarch. So what do you think, reddit? Am I being the asshole for trying to demand that I be the"
125,"AITA for wanting my skate blades changed while I wait? Sorry for the weird title, I couldn't figure out how to word it properly. So I went into a shop a bit out of town that specializes in skate sharpening, repairs and blade replacements. I went to them because they are the only place I know of in my region that sells a particular type of premium blades (~$130), instead of low-quality ones available at most stores. When I get to the counter, I hand my skates over and ask to get the blades swapped. The store manager then says to me (after asking when I wanted them and me replying that later today would be best for me) in a noticeably upset tone, ""Just for future reference, next time you get your blades changed, don't come in on my busiest days of the week (the weekend) and expect to get them back before Monday."" Is this really that much to ask? Like I can see that they are busy, yes, but swapping blades on these skates is a relatively quick process (involves 3 bolts per skate) and then sharpening/profiling. Not significantly more intensive than just sharpening, at many more times the revenue. Honestly, I don't think that he's an asshole, he's just stressed and busy, I don't really blame him for snapping at me a bit, I'd just like your perspective on my actions. Thanks."
126,"AITA for not wanting to let my younger cousins use my laptop whenever they want? I have two younger cousin that for the purpose of this post will be called I and LI. I is a sweet little 5 year old girl and LI is her 2 1/2 year old younger brother. The thing is they both want to use ""Molly's (I'm Molly.) Laptop"" because it's newer and faster. I've told their parents multiple time that they are too young and I don't want my laptop/Ipad/Ipod/headphones/wireless keyboard broken. They still ask and I always get in trouble for saying no. I love them both but it irritates me. I also happen to have a computer for I that she can use while they are visiting and LI and her are both allowed to use my Ipad with me supervising what they do. K and A have their own stuff and are older than me and K rarely lets her brothers J and C ask. M is also my cousin but this doesn't matter for him because he rarely comes to Pennsylvania to visit (We lives somewhere in Maryland and I live in southwestern PA.). S (a girl one year younger than me) is allowed to use them if she asks but she never does and then I'm the one who gets in trouble for what she does to it of for wanting her to give it back. AITA?"
127,"AITA for opening the door to the house while cat sitting A friend asked me to cat-sit when they went on vacation. Just feed them and scoop the litter every day. The cats were in the garage (as it was only a week and they would pee everywhere) and so were all their cat supplies. After I finished scooping the litter, I went inside to wash my hands. The house starts beeping and the alarm goes off. A policeman arrives and we get the situation sorted and everything is all good. However, once I told them, they got super mad because it was a $100~ fine or something. They want me to pay it. They had not mentioned the house alarm once, and they have admitted that. However, they believe that I should ""own up to my mistake"" and pay them back. EDIT: thanks guys, I'll stand my ground"
128,"AITA for not letting a friend of mine bring a friend to a meet-up? I regularly meet with friends and do stuff with them, from going shopping to lunch. This time I was meeting a friend for lunch, who I'll call Vesna. A couple of days before we were due to meet for this lunch, we met by chance in town and she asked about bringing this friend, who I will call Dragan. I said that I didn't want Dragan there, and she flew off into a huff. Now, the backstory- Dragan is a drug user. I'm not just talking about a few puffs of weed or some nonsense, but harder stuff too, including heroin and cocaine. I know this because some time ago there was an incident where Vesna phoned me in tears one night because he'd turned up to a kafana they were supposed to be meeting at totally smashed out of his skull on something, before eventually gettjng escorted out by police. I had to drive almost 20 miles at 10pm at night to go and get her and take her home. Now Vesna knows fine and well that I have a fairly strict anti-drug opinion and has consistently tried to get me roped into dealing with this guy, even when she knows I don't want to know. I've dealt with far too many druggies to know that the moment i get involved, I'm in for a whole load of drama. But she thinks that the sun shines out of his backside. So, was I an asshole or not?"
129,"AITA for using Robin Williams' suicide to break the ice? On OkCupid this girl listed only Robin Williams films as her favourite films. I came across her profile about 3 months after his deaths and wrote: ""Wow, you listed a bunch of Robin Williams movies… Well that sucks."" She responded with: ""I can't help but be curious about whether there was any point in your sending that message other than to insult me."" That seems pretty hypersensitive to me."
130,"AITA for keeping my roommate up? My college roommate and I get along really well. I really like him and we have the same opinions on a lot of things. He really makes being in college much easier. The other part is that I have a lot of trouble sleeping at night. I am prescribed meds, but they don't really work, so most of the time I'll leave at night and go to the library to work or just walk around. I'll be gone for hours, and I'll come back late at night and go to bed. I do my absolute upmost to stay quiet when I'm getting in bed, but I somehow always end up waking my roommate up. Though I'm being as careful as possible -- I can't stress this enough -- I end up waking him up. Today I got notified that my roommate is moving to another room in our apartment, to our suitemate's room. His room is bigger than ours and he's on his own right now, so in that sense it makes sense to me. But my roommate didn't speak to me about this, and the suitemate in the room that my roommate is moving into is really mad at me for messing his single room up. Like I said, I have a sleep condition that I've had for years that makes it impossible to go to sleep at the normal times, as well as a verbal tick that comes out sometimes when I'm anxious that I bet keeps him up. We're close, like I said, so I can't figure out why he didn't just come to me and talk to me. He's not around right now to ask, but it's just really bothering me. I feel like a total piece of shit, but I also know that I legitimately tried my hardest to be quiet about the whole night thing, and it makes more sense this way (maybe), and I can't change my sleep patterns at will. Still, though -- why didn't he talk to me? Am I an asshole here? Anyway, everybody thinks I'm super inconsiderate, but I'm really trying my best not to be. I'm worried that no one will talk to me any more, and I'll just be exiled or whatever."
131,"AITA for walking in the street when no-ones shoveled their sidewalks? I was walking home earlier today (I live in Boston by the way) and no-one in the backstreets towards my house bothered to shovel their sidewalks, so I had to walk in the street, I'm staying as far to the side as I can and some bitch starts honking at me to get out of her way, theres snow banks on either side of the road that are about 4-5 feet tall, so I decide to stand in the next driveway coming up in about 25 feet. She holds the horn the entire time until she passes by and gives me a glare. Am I an asshole? P.S. It should be noted that in hindsight I would've spit on her car."
132,"AITA for creating a fucked up love triangle? So it started last semester as I'm a third year uni student. I met a girl in one of my classes who would flirt with me every class. She was an artist, open about her sexuality, and all around fun. Naturally I was into it, but every so often she would mention her boyfriend and I'd feel really confused. Eventually towards the end of the semester I asked her, ""so do y'all have like an open relationship?"" ""Yeah"". Eventually the semester ends, but she and I still talk. So we decide to hang out one day and get lunch/she'll show me her apartment. That she shares. With her boyfriend. Anyway she flirts with me through lunch and we drive back to her place. We talk while she smokes (cigarettes) and after a good while she decides she wants to change because it's hot. So she takes her shirt off saying don't look, rather playfully, and of course I do. She remarked that she thought her chest was small, I told her they were a good handful and she offered for me to feel them. At that point I just pulled her onto the bed and we had sex. The thing is soon afterward she said I had to go as her boyfriend would be home soon. This all lead to what became an affair, and I thought at the end of it I would accept whatever came. So naturally, he found out. However, his reaction was to blame himself. He thought it had happened because he didn't spend enough time with her. So at this point we stop seeing each other and don't talk for a while, but she did break up with him soon after for reasons not involving me. So am I an asshole? If anyone has any questions I'll try to answer them."
133,AITA for not seeing my parents every weekend? I moved out if my parents house last year in June. I turned twenty in September and one been working forty hours a week plus half time college student stuff. I've gotten kind of caught up in my life being on my own. I hang out with my friends more. I've been feeling great. And i try to contact my parents at least once a week. In January I went with my mother on a cruise. When I returned my dad told me that they felt like I didn't love them because I didn't visit enough. My step mom clarified and said that they were just hurt that I wasn't coming over every weekend. I tried to explain that I've been busy and doing stuff but they weren't having it. So am I the asshole?
134,"AITA for getting my friend kicked off of work release. Not so very long ago I had this friend, we'll call him Chris. At the time I had a good bit of money and I spent it on people I hung out with. Chris was one of those groupie types. He knew I had come into a little bit of money and spent a lot on people I hung out with so naturally he hung out with me a lot. He was unemployed and flat broke. I'm not going into a whole lot of details but I bought this dude a lot of stuff. I never asked for repayment but he said when he got a job, he'd get me back. He ended up getting into trouble for stealing a bunch of stuff from this girls house during a party when she drank too much and passed out. Him and a bunch of people pretty much just ransacked the house stealing pretty much everything and wrecking what they didn't steal. Some how he ends up only getting 4 months of work release. When he goes to jail he's dating some 16 year old teeny bopper and he works with another friend of mine, (we'll call him Zach) at a Car Dealership. At the car dealership some dude traded in his horse trailer for a truck, so there's this horse trailer out back of the car lot. Chris (dude in jail) is periodically having Zach drive his teenie-weenie girlfriend up there so he can bang her in the horse trailer. This little act of his kind of violates my morals in some way so I devise a plan to get Chris caught. The plan goes like this: When Chris is at work next and asks Zach to go get this little bubble-gummer for another romp in the horse trailer, I call the jail he's at and tell them about it. So a few days later, Zach calls me and tells me he's on his way to pick the twenager up. I call the jail and tell them about the horse trailer. Sure enough Zach gets there to drop her off and there's a corrections officer sitting in the back of the lot watching the whole thing play out. When Chris gets back to jail from his job they were only going to not let him go to work for three days....until they found out the girl was not yet a woman. He got kicked off of work release and spent the rest of his sentence on the blocks. Am I the asshole?"
135,"AITA Refused to go in to see a movie after tickets were paid for. Now this happened a while ago and I'm pretty sure I'm right on this, I guess I just wanted to see if others agreed with me. If you don't then feel free to call me out on it, this isn't /r/circlejerk So heres the story: A few years back I was out on vacation visiting my dad who was stationed in Hawaii (marine core). So my dad asks me if I want to go see a movie and I ask him which one, my stepmom suggests Sherlock Holmes 2 (which was in theaters at the time) and I tell them I don't want to see it as I haven't seen the first, the response basically amounts to ""we'll figure something out"" and I tell them before we leave that I absolutely do not want to see it as I have not seen the first movie so suggest that we rent the first one from redbox and see the second at a later date. They agree but suggest that we go see a movie at the theater anyways and just see whats playing. Halfway there my stepmom changes her mind and says that we should go see it anyways because a friend told her it doesn't ruin the first movie. I tell them to not buy me a ticket for the movie because I do not want to ruin my experience with the first. We get to the theater and she tells my dad to buy the three tickets so I tell them not to buy one for me because if they do then I won't go into the theater to see the movie. They buy me a ticket anyways thinking that I'm bluffing so I sit outside for a good 15 minutes before they come back out and yell at me for ruining our night out saying that they were being generous to pay for my ticket and they paid for my plane ticket to fly out to Hawaii so I should go along with it. Now I get that plane tickets to hawaii are not cheap, especially considering that it was around christmas time and I agreed to go out there but they do crap like this all the time trying to spend money on me that I tell them I don't want them to spend before they actually spend it and say they won't try to throw it in my face later only to turn around and throw it in my face later."
136,"AITA For refusing to not touch my phone as the driver during a 7 hour car ride (txting&driving) I figured out during a 7 hour road trip to go skiing that my sister is HARDCORE anti texting&driving. I for one, do not sit on my phone nonstop while driving. But, I do occasionally respond to a text, check our progress on the GPS i'm running, and change the song on the playlist i'm playing. The GPS and music I'm playing probably constitutes 90% of my phone time when i drive. Overall, I believe that I do not abuse the system here. My sister has a zero-tolerance policy. She cried. I said that I refused to not check my phone for 7 hours. She said I'm not respecting her opinion. I am a safe person when using this device at (what i consider to be) minimal usage. Only when cruise control is set, plenty of following room, etc etc. I believe me sneezing while at the wheel lends itself to greater risk than me changing the song on my Android. Sister is very straight edge girl, total rule follower. I am a DGAF type person. AITA?"
137,"AITA for being bothered about no recognition for saving someone's life A couple of nights ago our dormitory was having a party to celebrate the ending of exams and semester. There was lots of alcohol and everyone was throwing back whiskey like there was no tomorrow. Well, there may have possibly been no tomorrow for this one girl who ended up passing out in the bathroom of a friend's dorm room. A couple a friends and I who were just barely sober enough carried her back to her room and placed her in her bed. Afterward we all left hoping that she would be fine. About 10 minutes later I had a bad feeling about the whole thing and decided to stay nearby just in case something bad happened. Despite my friends trying to convince me it wasn't a good idea (I guess they thought I would take advantage of her in my drunken state), I went and sat in the room all through the night. I'm happy that I did because after about 45 minutes of sitting there, she begins to vomit in her sleep. If anyone is unaware, this is an extremely dangerous situation as she could have possibly choked on her own vomit and died. I stayed there all night (eventually accompanied by another girl in the same hall) making sure we cleaned up and kept the passed out girl safe. Eventually in the morning she woke up with a horrid hangover and I continued to provide assistance for a few hours until she was able to accomplish things on her own. I left the room and only told those who asked about what happened, because I didn't want to start gossip or any shit like that. But, ever since nobody (not even that girl) has given any acknowledgement to the fact that I basically saved her goddamn life. I'm not begging for reward or commendation, it just would have been nice to receive some recognition."
138,"AITA for texting this Follow-up to events Today was my family friend's 17th birthday and she had asked me to go to her party. I decided to go which was a considerable distance away. I had to take a greyhound-like bus then a city bus and a subway ride to meet her. The total travel time was about 2.5 hours. She told me to meet her at 4, I made it there at 3:45. I called her and there was no response for half an hour. She calls me at 4:15 and says she will be 20 minutes. I go to a coffee shop across the street. 6pm rolls around and she finally shows up with two teenage friends. I of course was pissed but really didn't bitch about it too much, I just told her it was uncool to do that to me. We went out though and I ignored it. Everything was going fine. I brought her her only birthday present this year (some art books) and everything seemed fine when I left. I got back to the greyhound station and I accidentally went to the wrong stop because they recently changed it and I didn't notice. She texted me and this is where it began. The text (completely unedited): Her: ""Did you get back alright?"" Me: ""I'll be back a little later then I expected because they changed the bus stop location and I didn't notice I was standing at the wrong one. I have to wait another hour."" Her: ""That sucks donkey balls. What are you going to do?"" Me: ""Just sit here. Right now I'm trying to figure out this person's gender, I can't tell if they are male or female."" Her: ""Is there a problem with that?"" Me: ""It's just fun to guess."" Her: ""They could identify as they"" Me: ""I don't think so, they are Chinese with other Chinese people. I think thats unusual in their culture."" Her: ""First of all, you are being incredibly racist and I do not appreciate that. Second of all, ethnicity is not a qualifier for a person's identity. Gender fluidity and being androgynous are not limited to just one race. Humans are not limited to the tiny square you seem to be living in."" Me: ""It would be one thing if the person was born here but the person is a Chinese foreign student. In Universities there are groups of people that come straight from China that dress and act quite differently. Chinese people who were born here don't have anything in common with the. In China being transsexual is socially taboo, their internet is blocked so I doubt they have much information on it so the notion of being transsexual would be more uncommon. If the person heard or identifies with it it would be unusual since they grew up in China and recently came here. I wouldn't doubt the identify as they if it was an ethnically Chinese person who was born here. I think this person is just hard to tell their gender."" Her: ""Well I'm"
139,"AITA for not wanting to go to my cousin's birthday party? So my cousin is turning 14 today and she's having a birthday party. Pretty much most of the family is coming, and normally I would too, except her brother molested me for a year. My cousin, her parents, my parents, and two other cousins know this. But when I told my mom I wasn't going, she got upset. Then I asked my friend, and she said that I shouldn't let my cousin's brother get in the way of my relationship with my cousin. Idk what to do. I mean, pretty much everyone who knows about this has had such a...mild reaction, I feel like I'm overreacting. And it's not like I was raped. But still..."
140,"AITAH for my friend getting head? (Sorry it's my first time on AITA***) First off, everything in this story is 100% God's honest truth. I just wanted to clarify. Ok so it's Friday night and I have to wake up early the next day so I can go to a swim meet, and my ""friend"" (that is borderline abusive) calls me up on Friday night at about 9:45 and asks if I want to go eat or something (when I turn him down he usually gets mad at me and calls me a bitch or something) so I'm like ""sure, I guess so"" so he picks me up at 10:00 p.m. and my mom tells me I have to be back at 10:30. We go eat at taco bell and I buy my own food. I get a quesadilla and a drink, he gets his own food and we leave. We are driving and I'm about to eat the quesadilla and he takes a huge Ass chunk of it and is like ""this is your payment for me driving you"" (I'm like whatever he does this crap all the time) it's probably 10:20 and we are driving and he asks ""where do you want to go next?"" And I say ""home, I gotta be there at 10:30"" and he says ""that doesn't matter, let's go to Wal-Mart"" There is no talking him out of it, we are going to Wal-Mart. We go in and do absolutely nothing for about 30 minutes. Finally we leave, I was supposed to be home 20 minutes ago. He was driving and then he takes a different turn (the opposite way from our neighborhood) I ask him ""where are we going?"" And he says ""oh I'm just about to go get a bj from this one chick, is that cool with you?"" And I say ""no that's not cool with me, I was supposed to be home twenty minutes ago"" then he just tells me ""don't worry, I will make it fast"" (this is 100% bullshit) We go pick up this sleezy chick so he can get this bj and we are just sitting in this neighborhood (it isn't ours or hers, it's just a place to do the nasty) I know what's about to happen so I got out of the car and sat outside about a street away. I was somewhat mad before but now I'm nearly pissed, it was soo cold outside and we had major winds that night. I wanna say it was maybe 25 something degrees and I had nothing for protection except a hoodie. I was supposed to be home at 10:30 and at the time it was probably 11:30 so my mom was calling me telling me I need to get home now. I just told her we were driving home. The part about him being fast was a major lie, about 30 minutes in, things got crazy, apparently a dude robbed a house not too long ago and they were trying to find him with a search helicopter and"
141,"AITA for not wanting to pay for this camera? I was at a party last week, and it was around ~2am. By that point, I'm near the edge of too-drunk and I wandered into the living room of this house. This girl, who I'd just met that night, hands me a camera and motions for me to take a photo of her and her friends. I managed to drop it seconds after I move it up to take the photo. We both inspect the camera, and it turns out that the flash wasn't working. I apologize profusely. The next day she adds me on Facebook and asks me to pay for the repairs since it turns out this was a $400 camera. The guy at the shop told her it'd cost $175. I tell her I'm pretty broke, but I can spare at least $100. She tells me that it's my fault it's broken, and that I need to pay for* the entire thing. I'm going to call around to see if I can't find a place that will do it for cheaper, but I'll probably just end up putting it on my credit card. I feel that you shouldn't be giving expensive shit to drunk people, and that she should be taking at least some of the responsibility here. Am I an asshole for thinking that? ---------------------------------------------- Okay, thanks everyone. I'll probably still pay for the repairs myself, but It's good to know that I'm not completely in the wrong here."
142,"I feel like an asshole. But I don't fully understand the situation or what I should have done instead. We were alone at my girlfriends apartment. My girlfriend was complaining about how everything hurts and that her family doesn't care to take her to the doctor for a check up. She has been complaining about some things more and her family won't take her. I offered to take her and she said no. She started to complain about her knee felling worse. I lost it when she said she has never been able to see a doctor, ""Only the nurse at her school"". I said ""Are you fucking kidding me?"" she got pissed and said to never swear at her or her family again. I think I crossed the line, but its like she lured me into it. I then asked her if she knew why I got frustrated, she said yes and then she said she had to study."
143,"Offered to help a guy jump his car, ended up threatening to kill him. So last night I'm going through a drive through for Cook Out at like 2 in the morning and this guy walks up and asks if I can help him jump his car that is just down the road where his wife is waiting. ""Sure, if you've got jumper cables,"" I say. He does and I let him hop in the passenger's seat while I finish going through the drive through. I ask if he smokes and I hand him a cigarette when he says he does. He has told me his car is right down the road, but as soon as we get on said road, he tells me to turn down a different one. He then asks if I have a gas can. ""No, why do you need a gas can, I thought you needed a jump?"" He then precedes to tell me that the tow truck around the corner has a gas can and that's what he really needs because he ran out of gas. At this point I am thinking, ""what the fuck man, why would you lie about this shit? We are going a different direction for a different thing you claimed to need"" So I, very nonchalantly say, ""If you screw me over, I'll kill you."" Because fuck it man, people have died or been robbed doing nice things for other people before and this is not going smoothly like it ought to. For some background, I have a giant ass beard and don't appear super nice in the first place, though I am a nice guy in there somewhere. Needless to say he just said, ""This is good,"" got out of my truck and walked THE OPPOSITE WAY he said he needed to go. Now either I saved my life or I'm an incredible asshole. I have no regrets, but judge me anyway, Reddit."
144,"AITA for not wanting to give my ex money for our house? My wife decided in early 2013 that she no longer wanted to be married. She sat me down and said she just did not love me, and she did not want to live out our ""suburban life"" that we had planned. Some context: I was 26 she was 24 at the time, we were married at 24 and 22, and had been married for just over 2 years when she decided this. We both grew up in a smaller town in Illinois, went to the same college, and got married just after graduating. We dated each other a total of 3 years before we got married, so it's not like we just rushed into things, in my opinion. We moved out of the small town less than a year after getting married to a large suburb just outside of Chicago. I had secured a job in the town we moved to, and not long after moving my wife found a great job in Chicago, which was a decent commute on the train every day. Instantly our lives were very different, we went from seeing each other every day for breakfast and most of our evenings, to me dropping her off at the train in the wee morning hours and picking her up usually after dinner. She started spending more and more time in the city going out with her coworkers and friends, and complaining that she had no friends or things to do in the suburbs where we lived. Well we ended up finding a great deal on a house in the suburbs and bought it. This was in November of 2013. We purchased it for 100,000 with a 5,000 down-payment that I paid out of my personal IRA (a special rule allows for first time homeowners to use IRA money penalty free up to 10,000). At this time her job started to take off (she is a recruiter for accounting and finance jobs), to the level that it put her on track to make $150,000 in 2014. I make approximately 47,000 at my job, and it is salaried, no commission will increase it like hers. Anyway, she decided in February that she no longer wanted to be together which started a long period of me begging her not to leave, and her saying she had made up her mind and there was nothing that was going to change that. I felt it was fishy at the time, I had not treated her poorly or done anything I felt was worthy of being divorced over, but she assured me she just wasn't happy with where her life was going and wanted to try something different. In May of 2014 she moved into an apartment in Chicago with a few girls, and as of next week we will be officially divorced. I tried to reconcile multiple times over the last 10 months, but to no avail. All of this is important because when she split she said I could have the"
145,"I shared my strawberries with one of my best friends and when I wasn't looking he ate most of them. I went to whole foods and brought some fruits the night we were having friends over. One of my friends ask if he can have some and I said yes to an unopened package of strawberries that the person took out of the bag I brought them in. Later on in the night I noticed the strawberries are in the dining area and there are only 5 left, I haven't even eaten one. So I immediately ask are those my strawberries, and I get snappy in front of everybody asking him why he ate most of them and I ask why would he take the package into the room where everyone else is hanging out. Yeah I know they're just strawberries I can buy more but where is the common sense at. It seems like a common sense thing to me to not take it upon yourself to feel your entitled to eat a majority of the food someone else shares with you or to share it with other people. Aita for getting snappy with him in front of everyone?"
146,"AITAH for not wanting to be repeatedly included on group texts, even about hospital visits or celebrations? I keep getting texts from strangers in reply to group texts that people include me on. My phone has gone off 16 times in the last 2 hours for a text my father sent out about my step-mother being ill and in the hospital (she is out of the woods, just under observation). I really want to tell him to stop including me but don't want to be a jerk. This happens all the time with baby pictures my sister sends me of her kid, plans for get togethers, holiday wishes, etc. I turn off my ""reply all"" feature but no one else seems to. I am tired of strangers texting me all day and night, especially since we are spread through many time zones all over the world. Turning my phone on silent or off sucks too because I NEED to know when I get a message meant for me in case it is important. I have mentioned not to group text me to people before but it always feels rude and awkward and I can tell they get a bit annoyed. AITAH?"
147,If I was 18 again I would marry my same sex roommate in order to reap pell grant funds to pay for college.
148,"AITA for thinking my new Aunt shouldn't post about my dead Grandma on her Facebook? My Aunty only recently married my uncle, late August last year. But before they married she made a post on Facebook about how my Grandmother was a wonderful woman, she loved her very much, missed her etc etc for the anniversary of her death. I'm not cool with her doing this mostly because she never knew her and she died about 15 years before met my uncle or even knew he existed. Hell, I was only 3 years old when She died, I hardly remember her. I just can't help but feel like she's milking my Grandma's death for Facebook likes. TL:DR Am I the asshole for thinking my new Aunty shouldn't make sappy facebook posts about my dead Grandmother who she never met?"
149,"AITA for telling a 12/13 year old to go fuck themself if they laugh at my dyspraxic run? Dunno if you know, but dyspraxia affects your limb and motor control, and in my case severely. I had to run for a bus and as doing so some kid I estimate to be 12/13 laughed dickishly loud. In my defense, he was a bit chubby himself and had such a punchable face. I used to be fat/obese so also have years of people laughing at my run burnt into my mind from then."
150,"AITA in this situation? So this happened recently. A friend/acquaintance/friend-of-a-friend/someone I know/not sure of the relationship and I got in fight. During this, we both said some things that we shouldn't have, and I for one regret it. I'm definitely the asshole in that right. However, since then I've tried everything I can to make it right, I've apologised 30+ times in the last fortnight, saying I'm sorry, I was wrong, I'm an asshole, what can I do to make it up to you?, but they just continue to ignore me. I wish to make this right, especially for the sake of a joint good friend but they just refuse to talk. Then yesterday she messaged me for help with her studies, I gave it to her but after that she went back to ignoring me. I feel like the asshole, but I also I feel that I shouldn't let her make me feel guilty because I tried to fix things and she's being stubborn. I'm autistic and clinical depressed, I'm not trying to make excuses, but sometimes I say things without thinking of the consequences. So, Am I the Asshole?"
151,"My mother has done nothing to prepare for retirement/old age. AITA for not wanting to be stuck with her? My mother recently revealed to my sister and I that she has no retirement money put aside. At 73(?) years old, she's taken ill with a chronic respiratory condition that requires her to be on oxygen all the time. She needs assistance with some tasks, but (by her doctor's advisement) is capable of accomplishing most tasks independently. For now. More background: my mother is a certified narcissist. She only cares about herself, and everyone else she considers her ""loved ones"" are there to support her and give her life structure and connection. She has always wanted only to be taken care of by the people around her. As far as her health, my mother ignores doctor's advice, and cancels appointments at whim. We encourage her to be independent and active (key aspects of living successfully at any age, but particularly at her age), but she is argumentative, and refuses to do anything to help herself. We offer support (logistically) when we can, but it's extremely frustrating to deal with her, for these reasons and more. She was abusive (physically and emotionally) to my sister and I our whole childhood and mentally/emotionally cruel on through young adulthood and beyond. She was unable to help us at any stage of our life, and worse, she was a detriment to our lives for the most part. She is a horrible person who just assumed someone would step up to take her in. Our relationship is, at best, strained. My mother and father separated when we were young, and she never remarried. She has pushed away her family, and lives too far for them to be of help, even if they wanted to. She has had money, but largely squandered it away through various bad decisions. My sister and I live alone, and live outside the city she lives in. We don't have the means to be the caretaker for her--even if we wanted to, which we don't. I feel guilty about it all the time, because I think most people SHOULD help their parents out if they can. The fact that she has no retirement money is really the last straw for us. No life insurance money, no final expense coverage, nothing. She is smug and matter-of-fact about it, like ""what did you guys think?"" Maybe we should have seen it coming. But we have our own lives to live, and we she'll have to deal with whatever care agencies are available, and then a government-run nursing home when she's not capable of caring for herself. Am I the asshole for not wanting to be stuck with this problem??"
152,"Am I the Asshole for blaming the wrong person for a mistake? So without going into too much detail, someone made a mistake at work. Nothing that would have any legal consequences, but it shouldn't have happened and was annoying for everybody. I know that colleage A did it and she's already having a hard time because our boss doesn't really like her. Colleague B recently left the company and moved in with her fiancée in a different country. She never really liked her job here and she's pretty much persuing her dream abroad, so it's unlikely that she'll come back. When our boss asked who was responsible, I said ""I think it was Colleague B, she was right there when it happened."". But now I'm thinking that it's generally wrong to blame someone for something they didn't do, even if they're out of reach. What do you think?"
153,Would I be the asshole in this hypothetical scenario? My mother is deathly allergic to fish. Lets say we're at a restaurant and she accidentally eats some seafood. She's *will* die if she isn't treated right away but she forgot her epipens. Nearby I see a woman quiclky hide hers in her own bag so she doesn't have to give it up. She's not legally obligated to after all so she has the right to do this. I ask her for it and she pretends like she doesn't have one so I make a move to steal it. In the struggle I am forced to break her arm to take it from her and use it to save my mothers life. What do you think?
154,"AITA for just letting go of what I was talking about when my girlfriend stops listening to me? My girlfriend has somewhat of a short attention span. Whether we're at home sitting on the couch or eating dinner together at a restaurant or just generally talking to one another, sometimes I'll start to talk and I notice that she isn't actually paying attention. Here are some of the signs: 1. She's facing me but her eyes are looking at something around the corner, constantly shifting between me and whatever she's looking at, all the while saying, ""mhmm, yeah... uh huh"" 2. She randomly interrupts me to point out something unimportant and meaningless, e.g. ""OH! I didn't know this store was at this location! We have to go there soon. My bad, go on."" 3. The infamous glued to cellphone texting someone else while trying to maintain communication with me. And the usual stuff like just zoning out, etc. Now I'm not an attention whore by any means. I've learned a lot about our relation the last few years and I know what interests my girlfriend and what I should talk to my friends about, but this isn't even a specific type of conversation here. We could be talking about how our day has been, in fact she could be the one asking me this question and when I answer, she will sometimes just stop listening to what I have to say. I've gotten used to it by now, so I'll even have a little fun with it sometimes. When I notice her drifting off, I'll make up silly stuff to see if she catches it, like, ""Yeah so Nancy got fired today at work because an elephant walked into our office asking if we sold oversized headphones it could wear and she said we don't."" Or I'll just prematurely finish what I had to say, like ""Yeah so Nancy... nah nvm it's not even important. How was your day?"" And now we get to the point. Recently, my girlfriend and I went to a coffee shop near by and sat down to enjoy ourselves. I started to talk about the marathon my friend joined and how we should give it a try but I noticed she was looking from the corner of her eye at this odd couple sitting next to us. She interrupts me mid sentence and says: GF: ""Honey don't we know those two people from somewhere?"" Me: ""I dunno"" and just stopped talking GF: ""Sorry, what were you saying?"" Me: ""Nothing, never mind"" GF: ""I said sorry, jeez. Why are you always like this?"" Me: ""What? I'm just not going to waste my energy talking when you don't care."" GF: ""What's your problem?"" Me: ""Nothing, I'm just tired of being interrupted and ignored. Don't you think it's rude to do that? I always listen to you and anyone else that talks to me because I actually care, but sometimes you just don't care, so I don't care either."" GF: ""Relax, I just wanted to know if you knew who"
155,Am i the asshole for speaking the way i do? For example... my gf doesnt like how i talk to her. She thinks im condescending... so I explained that I only talk this way because i naturally speak very fast and so to slow myself down i focus on enunciation which is true but she says it comes off as very talk downish... i have a slight lisp sometimes and i think this might aid in the problem. Thoughts?
156,"Am I the asshole for being mean back? Was hanging with my girlfriend of 2 years today and her 2 friends when white people got brought up (I am white, gf is Filipino, friend 1 is white and friend 2 is asian.) Friend 1 was saying how much she hated white people and all of the stereotypes that come with it while gf and friend 2 are agreeing. I do the whole ""Wow, you guys are so racist, not all of us are like that"" and things are getting louder as they are (jokingly but with conviction) that we all are and I feel a hand slap across my face and look up to see my girlfriend looking at me with a slightly remorseful face and her hand coming back to her side. I'm thouroughly pissed that she did that and immediately left with them yelling behind me still about white people. I text her later that night saying something like ""yeah ya know i hate all filipinos too. they are FOBs and just eat dogs."" still playing along with the racism. Now I didn't actually feel this way but wanted to show her how it felt. Convo continued like this when she says you can't be racist againt white people. Now I'm pissed about this and her hitting me so i say ""wow babe, your usually smart but that sentence just dropped your IQ by 25 points"". She restates her sentence and convo goes on without more insults. The next day after we stopped texting I meet up with her and she says she is very offended with what I said and dumps me. I just really don't say much as I don't think she is that serious but she walks away and texts me about how hurt she is. I later did find out that it was her friend that grabbed her hand and hit me with it but at the time I was pissed and acted impulsively. Am I the asshole for getting that mean with her or is she overreacting?"
157,"AITA for abandoning a friend then calling them out on what's wrong when they confront me? I'll just explain this im brief, let's call the friend George, So george had always been a bit contrevsial in the communities we shared, he tends to be rather creepy and waaaaay too vocal about his fetishes. I've been friends with them for a few months now, nut we haven't talked in weeks until now. I did that because i wanted to think out whether they were really someone I would want to be around, and when he messaged me I pretty much made up my mind that tye friendship be ended, but the conversation didn't go too well. George: where are you? Me (rather jokingly): Right here, duh George: yay! Let's talk more tomorrow. (Day passes) Me: You up, man? I think we need to talk serious. Like, serial serious. George: Il be. Home in a few hours then we can talks He then replies again a few hours later Me: Hey, kind of a bad day for me today, but anyway, e need to talk. George: whats wrong? Me: To put it plainly and possibly offensively, so thus I apologize for this, but I don't think this friendship can continue. You're way too vocal about your, er, kinks, You seem to call anyone you disagree with nazis (He actually does this), and over all, you can tend to act rather immatureley, in such a way that I feel you'r not really someone I wish to know this close. (Up to this point id been removing emoticons but f it) George: wha? :'( no i dont! im nice ;-; Me: Look dude, you're nice and all, I really don't have anything proper against you, you're a great guy George: well then why cant we keep being friends? ;-; (I had started to lose my temper around this point it's been a shitty day) me: I would like us to, but... just George: :'( meany Me: God dammit, I'm trying to be nice here, but if you're just going to be like this there's no point. Edit: some more. George: well you have no reason to stop being my friend ;-; Me: Or perhaps I do, I gave you my reasons. You don't have to change yourself for people in a negative way, but creeplike behavior isn't exactly tolerable. Im sorry, you genuinely make me uncomfortable. George: im not a creep \@>@ Me: Talking publicly about [Redacted, but the things he's into.] is fucking CREEPY.. it's not only humiliating, but absslolutely disrespectful to your peers."
158,"AITA For sending a message to my would-be scammer? I recently bought a used phone through a site that connects buyers and sellers. Turns out the phone was not genuine, but a knockoff. The phone was listed as a Samsung in excellent condition, and while it was a bit cheaper than the others I had found, it was not so cheap as to send up a red flag. Within ten minutes of using this thing I figured out that something was not right. All of this leads me to believe the seller knew full well that it wasn't genuine. The site allowed me to report this, and I'll be able to ship the phone back to the seller and get my money back. Am I the asshole if I include a note with the phone that says something like, ""Nice try, asshole.""?"
159,"I don't want to wait on an interview from a client that was a no-show for an initial phone interview. Does that make me an asshole? I had met with a recruiter last week for an initial interview. We had arranged to have the interview after I was done with work because I'm currently a contractor and don't get paid for time off. The initial interview went well. As a result, the recruiter set up a phone interview between myself and the client on Monday afternoon. By noon on Monday, the client cancelled the interview, stating that they had an ""emergency"". Apparently, the manager of this small business does a lot of the work himself. The recruiter said that the client would reschedule the interview for Tuesday or Wednesday. Late Tuesday afternoon, I get an email from the recruiter saying that it would be another couple of days before he could get a rescheduled time from the client. By late Wednesday evening, after I had not heard anything from the recruiter, I emailed the recruiter stating that I was no longer interested in the position. The recruiter is now wondering why I'm wanting to bail on the position. After explaining my reasons, he still pushed for the interview, stating that he'd have an answer from his client by end of business today. I'm not very hopeful. Am I the asshole for wanting to not take the interview? Update (4-3-2015): It's been nearly three weeks since the date of what the phone interview was supposed to be (3-16-2015). The last word from the client is that they are determining whether or not they can afford to hire someone else on. I confirmed with my recruiter that nothing was ever said to the client concerning my desire to pull my application. Final Update (4-9-2015): The client has officially decided that they could not afford to hire anyone and pulled the job from the market."
160,"Am I the asshole for bugging my brother a lot about reading some things? Often, my brother and I find works of fiction that we enjoy, and want the other to read. We enjoy talking to each other a lot, so we want the other to watch/read/play stuff so we can talk about it. The problem is that my brother is incredibly flakey about trying things that I want him to try, even though he'll still find new things to try on his own. A few years back, I read the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy series, and loved it. And I knew he would love it to. So I asked him to read it. He said he would later when he felt like it. At that time, the situation I just described wasn't really in place, so I didn't think much of it. Still, it was often at the back of my head that he still hadn't. A few months ago *at least* two years later, he decided to read it. And it was only because he decided to use it for a school project. Excuse me if I think that gives him a bit of a poor record. Right now, I can think of 11 things I want him to do. And I am certain there are more. I'd like it if he could finish the Hitchhiker's Guide series (since he only read the first 1 or 2), play 5 videogames (though I think I lost one, so maybe 4), read 4 webcomics, and watch 1 short webseries. He has done none of those things. Some have been things I wanted him to do for years, while some are more recent. In the last few years, despite the fact that there have been many things I've asked him to do, he has still started a bunch of things on his own. Scratch that, he's gone actively looking for them. Yet, every single thing I want him to do, he says he'll get to ""sometime, when he feels like it."" I'm pretty sure that's going to be never. Recently, I did get him to play a videogame. And he *really, really* like it. It was Fire Emblem: Awakening. But of course, he had to take a good thing and turn it into a bad thing. It started with one playthrough. Then it turned into one, but with frequent delays where he started the game again to test things out and do them differently. Now it's his original playthrough that is still unfinished, one on Lunatic difficulty that he's still far from getting through, and a promise of *another* one once he's done where he will min/max character stats. Basically, it's turned into a gigantic waste of time. He spends a ridiculous amount of time playing it, and yet he still seems to go through at a snail's pace. I don't even care about it anymore. I've gotten him to read the beginnings of all the webcomics I want him to read. For each one, he's thought they were pretty good. And"
161,"AITA for wanting my roommate to replace my computer screen? So recently my roommate shot my computer screen with an airsoft gun. No big deal, he said he would replace it, life is good. Today, while he was replacing it himself, he broke the ribbon cable, meaning now I need a new cable. While he already ordered the part, he thinks that I should bring it somewhere and have someone else do the labor. While I'm not opposed to this, he wants me to pay for the labor. His girlfriend has expressed similar views. It's worth noting that I had no problems with the screen before he shot it, and that we are 4th year engineering students, neither computer, so a PC is kind of important. Am I the Asshole for wanting my roommate to do all the work right or pay for the labor to fix my laptop?"
162,"AITA for bringing a dog into the apartment? Okay, backstory. I have a friend with a dog. Her lease is up this month and she needs to stay in the state for two months so that she can graduate college, the only problem is that while she is couch surfing, she can't have her dog. This is where I come in. I told her that I would be willing to watch her dog, we already have pets in the apartment, my landlord gave me the OK and I talked to my roommates about it, they were down, so long as we got a trial run. Cut to a few weeks ago, I dog sit while my friend is out of state on spring break. I tell my roommates to tell me if they see or notice anything that would turn them away of keeping the dog for the two months my friend will be homeless. I told them to tell me if there were any problems as soon as they noticed. Does he chew on stuff, if they started feeling allergic, if he was to loud, and so on. Now today is the first day that we had the dog. I let my roommates know that he would be coming sometime this week, my roommate comes in and asks if this is the start of the long time we would have him, I tell her yes. And she flips out and tells me that she doesn't think that it will work and that she thought we were going to talk about it. I tell her that I explicitly said to them that they needed to tell me if there were any problems during the one week we had him so that if it was something we could fix that we could get it taken care of; and if it was something we couldn't fix then my friend and I could find him somewhere else to live. She is instant that she is allergic to him and I just tell her that she should have told me earlier. That way we could have found some place different. I eventually told her that I would try to find someplace for him so that she didn't get to uptight, but until I do he has to stay with us. So, am I the asshole?"
163,"AITA for wanting to go off to a big university when I graduate? My parents want me to go to the local community college, but like a lot of teenagers my age, (I'm a junior in high school) I want to go to college at a university in a larger city. My parents however aren't going to help me pay for college regardless of what I do, and they think I'm being ""rebellious"" and that I ""just want to party with my friends"" by wanting to go somewhere else for college. They also think that I'm going to end up with thousands in student loans because I'll be in college for 5-6 years because I'm partying so much. The student loan is a legitimate concern, but partying and extending the time I spend in college? Not so much. My grades are pretty decent in school (mostly A's, a couple B's, no C's, D's, or F's) and I'm taking AP and DE classes.(which are college classes that you can take in highschol for those who don't know) My brother went to this community college, and got a job, and is now well off without any debt. However, he encourages me and wants me to follow what I want to do and go to a university. He told me that he feels like he never had the ""college experience"" and he would've liked to. He also told me that even though he graduated debt free, if I were to keep student loans to a minimum (around $5,000 or less) it wouldn't really be a big deal at all to pay off. Am I wrong for wanting to do something different from what my parents think is best?"
164,"AITA for expecting a reply text message to an invitation? Background: I'm a student in university. I've been seeing this girl for the past couple of months, but recently we haven't been able to see each other due to conflicting schedules. This past week I sent her a text message inviting her out to dinner and mini-golf during the weekend. She didn't reply for a day, so I sent her another message saying that if she wanted to do something else I was open to ideas. After waiting two more days for a response, I told her that she could have at least replied, to which she replies that she's been swamped with work. We got into an argument about it, with her saying that people get busy and me saying that it would have taken her 10 seconds to send a reply. Am I the asshole? I like this girl, and if I'm the asshole of course I'd like to apologize. However, I've been known to be a pushover and I'm trying to change that. Don't pull any punches, I want the truth. Thanks for taking the time to read! You're helping me become a better person."
165,"AITA for being pissed off about this person at work? OK, another work situation with a girl I'll call M. I work on the customer service desk with M, and the rule is that if you can't do a shift, for whatever reason, you should attempt to sort it out yourself and get a shift swapped with someone else, which my line manager is usually pretty much fine with (saves them the hassle of changing rotas). Now something I should mention is that usually three weeks worth of shift timetables are available. These are pinned up in the managers office, the staff office and there's a copy behind the CSD. Anyone who wants to check their shifts (or needs to) can go and consult any of these copies at any time. A few weeks ago, M asked me on a Friday afternoon if I could cover a Saturday shift, to which I said no. I found it totally unreasonable that I was being expected to cover a shift with less than 12 hours notice, and I wasn't particularly happy that her 'reason' for wanting that day off was 'because I promised my little girl we'd go shopping'. To me, the shift timetable had been up for long enough that if it had been that important, she would have spoken to the line manager and asked not to be put in a shift that day (which is entirely possible, I've done it). I told her this in a polite fashion and advised her gently that if she had availability issues, she needed to go to a manager and actually tell them. Skip forward to last two days ago and she seems to be pulling the same thing again. I'm now covering her shift today for what appears to be similar reasons, and I'm not happy as this was supposed to be the start of 4 days of holiday for me. Now fair enough, things like childcare are an issue, and I can understand if some genuine reason to do with the kids or whatever is an issue, but to me the whole thing looks like she's using this as a trump card, and I'm being expected to give into every demand. magically virtually every other person with children in the store seems to cope just fine. So, AITA here? EDIT: I should add in addition to these two examples, she has done this quite a few times."
166,"AITA for wanting my sister to not sing in the car? Yo /r/amitheasshole! To preface, I carpool to and from my school with my middle-school age sister and a few neighbors. What's happening is my sister sings a lot. She takes lessons and stuff, and I'll admit, it's not necessarily bad. However, do not let her get near a car, because the second she hears Uptown Funk or Blank Space (among many other songs) on a station, she will belt out the entire song until it's over, then sometimes change the station to look for another song to sing. It bothers me to no end (my neighbors don't really care either way), and when I ask her to stop, she always scoffs and tells me I'm being rude. Am I the asshole in the situation, and is there a way to solve this? Sorry if this belongs in another sub. Thanks!"
167,"AITA for thinking that my friends engagement is a REALLY BAD PLAN So. My friend has known this guy (my ex) for 2 weeks at most (I could get the exact date but I'm too lazy), they dated for one day and broke up and she was heartbroken and sobbing and crying. Then today he proposed to her. Am I the asshole for thinking this is both idiotic and that maybe after a string of romantic failures he's going for someone he knows will keep him. I should mention she has a VERY low self esteem because of various things, and I've had to constantly reassure her she's beautiful. Idk, maybe I'm over thinking this. EDIT: after a little while I can see there really is a good chemistry there and I was just a doubting Tom. Thanks for the help though guys!"
168,AITA for thinking the biggest loser competition that my work is having is stupid. Mainly because I can't participate. The place I work at is having a biggest loser competition and the winner gets a gift card or money or something. What pisses me off about this is that I cannot participate because I don't have unhealthy eating habits. I think that they should have some other sort of competition that everyone has a chance to participate in. I guess I should be happy that I'm healthy but it's bullshit. Paying people to not eat so much food irks the hell out of me.
169,"AITA for lying about not wanting to go travelling with a friend A good friend of mine, Z, has wanted to go to travelling in SE Asia for a while now but has been shot down each summer. Partly because it's expensive (we're students), but also partly because Z is an intense person so spending 6 weeks in a foreign country with him might be a bit much. Some of my friends and I decided it would be a fun thing to do after graduation, so we are going to SE Asia this summer. However, we found out that Z is also planning his own trip there alone at around the same time as it's somewhere he's always wanted to go. I felt we should keep our trip quiet until we could frame it in a more positive light than ""oh we like you but not enough to go travelling together"". We've kept up this charade of not knowing what we're doing after graduation. AITA for not wanting to tell Z about our plans until his plans are set in stone? It'd avoid any awkwardness if Z wanted to join us, and making it appear like a last minute plan would save face all round. My friends would rather just tell him and let him deal with it. But then they don't see Z as regularly as I do."
170,"AITA for telling my friend that her former boyfriend is a creep? We are both around 30 and have been friends for a few years. She has the lowest self esteem of any individual I know (almost crippling), and finally got her first boyfriend about 2 years ago. She's basically at the starting game of dating. This boyfriend. He's a creep. He's a loser with 2 kids from 2 different women. No education. My friend and I are both educated and made good life decisions for the most part. Anyway, he insists on hugging and kissing my cheek every time he says hello or goodbye to me, and it has always made me uncomfortable (He is from Louisiana btw, it's not a cultural thing). He always made comments about how my friend was too big and that I'm just the right size and just his type. He's tried to FB me and text me to talk, and I mostly ignored him unless it had to do with my friend. He's just creepy as hell and I feel incredibly uncomfortable being around him. Recently, he checked my okcupid profile and wrote me saying something like ""Hi emeraldwinter, what are you looking for on here."" I didn't respond, but he kept checking my profile. I felt like it was time for me to talk to my friend about her boyfriend, especially since he was actively on a dating site. We met for lunch, and she told me that they broke up, are still sleeping together, and that she won't date anymore but she knows that he's talking to other girls. This definitely made me feel better talking about things with her. What an asshole guy. I left out parts that I felt would be hurtful towards her, but basically made her aware of things. I don't know what was said after our lunch, but he took me off his friends list on FB and my friend has been really cold to me. He still checks my dating profile. Let me be clear...I have never nor will I ever have any attraction to this guy. Am I the asshole here? TL;DR Told my friend that her BF is a creep and has been inappropriate for the past two years, and now she won't talk to me."
171,"AITA for not explaining to my work partner how sexist he is? Throwaway because this is work-related. Sorry for the wall of text, I tried to be concise. I own and run a company together with three male partners. I'm the fourth partner, and female. A few weeks ago, I was trying to hand over an important project to one of my partners before I went on vacation. While I was briefing him, he interrupted me a number of times and went off on lengthy tangents - so often, and so lengthy, that it was becoming difficult to give him all of the info he needed to complete the project without me. This bothered me, and I must have gotten snippy (I didn't realize it at the time), because when I left the room for coffee, he turned to another partner and said: ""Do you know what I would say to my wife if she spoke to me like that?"" And then proceeded to bark in that partner's face like an angry dog. I caught the tail end of this, and when he realized I had overheard, he repeated the whole thing, trying to play it off as a harmless joke. I was pretty taken aback and couldn't immediately compute what he had just said and what the implications were. I told him that I hadn't realized my tone was out of line, apologized, and that was that. Now, weeks later, his comment still irks me. Hardcore. This is blatant sexism, and it's in my innermost work circle, I own a business with these people. The problem is, because of my vacation, weeks have passed since it happened - and I haven't spoken to him about it. By now, I feel like the fact that I can't let it go is more a reflection of my own limitations - my white-hot anger when it comes to sexism and my inability to be chill about it - than of the crassness of the incident itself. OK, so here's the AITA. The fact that he said this has made me lose respect for him. I genuinely like him less, and I think it's starting to show in our daily interactions. I don't really enjoy talking to him, so I only strike up a conversation if I have to. The tone is always professional and polite, but I wouldn't say friendly, and the frequency of our conversations has dropped. And when he interrupts me now, I just keep on talking and bulldoze right over him. This especially has made him notice that something is going on, but since the incident happened a few weeks ago, he has no idea what he did wrong. I should add that I was brought on board explicitly to add structure/professionalism to the company. We work in a creative field and before I joined the team, it was kind of a crazy, non-productive free-for-all. I've been fairly successful in implementing discipline, but it's been a long and hard fight... Which has resulted in my being labelled as the company nag."
172,"Am I The Asshole for expecting my girlfriend who is the mother of my kid to keep me up to date on when plans change? We live together and have a child together. Her sister babysits for us while we are working. My girlfriend told me that she was just picking our daughter up after work and would not be hanging out... cut to later... no text or call letting me know that she had decided to stay and hang out so I am left wondering if she is ok or if something happened... it puts me in an awkward position because now I have to contact her to see whats going on... and I hate looking or sounding possessive. Now shes mad at me because ""I scolded her"" when in reality its just that I care about her and my daughter and dont want anything to happen to them... and I certainly dont want to be in a position of not knowing where to start looking if something were to happen... am I an asshole?"
173,"(non specific conflict) Telemarketers vs. Phone answerers Am I the asshole for thinking that telemarketers do not deserve one instant of courtesy from me? I answer the phone in a small office and I suffer through easily 20 calls a day by robo-dialing pollsters, telemarketers in call centers, and individual salesmen cold-calling to offer something that is completely unwanted but a company like mine might use. Personally, I think what telemarketers do is save money and enrich themselves at the expense of the general public. Sure, each individual occurrence is too small to criminalize or prosecute, but a multitude of them can make it unreasonably expensive to pay a staff to answer your business line, or make it insane for useful officers of a business to be reachable directly by phone. Whether or not there is a Do No Call list, it should be illegal in all forms. I have never bought the argument that you shouldn't be rude to them because the person on the phone just needs the money and it's really the boss who should suffer. Yes, the boss should suffer, but when I think something is wrong, I don't take a job doing it. I think it's wrong to kick puppies, and if someone offered me $15/hr to kick puppies, I wouldn't do it. Therefore the instant I know I'm talking to a robo-dialed salesman or pollster, I hang up without a word. If it's one of those individual dialers who try to fool me into thinking they know the eponymous company owner/CEO (because they read the company name somewhere), I usually get hung up on and called again several times before I can ask in a civil tone that they never call again and explain that the CEO never picks up a call from a party he doesn't know. Once an individual has redialed enough to have ignored at least one civil request to remove me from the dialing list and later become recognizable to me by voice, I am openly hostile and aggressive to them. I have eventually told several of them to go fuck themselves with a rusty spike or something similar. **TL;DR: So I hang up quickly and am agressively rude to telemarketers. Am I the Asshole, or is the fact that a selfish nuisance has needled me and made my work ineffective enough to excuse my rage?**"
174,AITA for questioning the idea behind a subreddit?
175,"AITA for commenting on a thread that I had no business in? I graduated this college last year. During my time there I started a club (let's call it the ""Cool Kids Club""). For a club to be recognized by the university it has to meet several steps, one of them is to have a constitution. I wrote the constitution myself and it was adopted into the club. The Cool Kids Club did well in the beginning, but ultimately sputtered out and become unrecognized by the university. This year a group of people who still attended the university approached me wanting to restart the Cool Kids Club and asked if they could use my constitution (as well as the Facebook group I made for the club.) I agreed, they adopted it, and the Cool Kids Club was back on. Sweet! Today there was a post in the Facebook group from the current club president (""Anthony"") saying that there would be elections for executive board positions at the meeting tomorrow. In the constitution it *clearly* states that elections are to be held ""at the second meeting of Fall quarter."" This is to allow freshman that want to be involved with the executive board a chance to do so. The first reply is from ""Kevin"" who argues in favor of Fall elections, citing the potential Freshman interest. I reply with the part of the club constitution that outlines when elections are to be held. A few people get upset with me commenting, stating things like ""he doesn't even go here"" and ""why are you even posting right now?"" There was a significant response from Anthony stating his reasons for wanting the elections now instead of in the Fall, but said he'd be willing to do what the general body wants to do. He also questioned why I was responding to the thread. My motives were simple... I just wanted them to follow the constitution. I don't go to the university anymore, but I do know the rules they agreed to follow. Am I the asshole for pointing it out? Some of them seem to think so."
176,"AITA for telling an obsessive gut to fuck off? TYPO CORRECTION- OBESESSIVE GUY***** So yes, I am in high school and this is all just teenage bullshit but I am genuinely concerned. I made friends with a guy at the beginning of freshman year, we bonded over video games and such. He started to become creepy obsessed. he would text me constantly even if I didn't reply, ask where I was if i didn't already tell him. He told me he had some issues with people leaving him, so I promised I wouldn't so long as he didn't turn into a total dick. He did. I had a boyfriend at first but we broke up and I finally came out that I was single. about a week later I guess he was going to ask me out. (wouldn't have said yes.) a guy that bullied him in middle school I guess beat him to it. I said yes to that guy. well this creepy obsessive guy (let's call him J) got so pissed off that he threw his backpack at a school computer. he got upset at me for saying yes and tried to convince me that my new boyfriend (let's call him D) didn't actually care and just wanted me for bragging rights. J got so weird that I began to ignore him, he would walk around school and stare at me, no matter where I was. His eyes followed me like one of those creepy paintings you see in museums. After I felt I got my space, I began to try and talk to him again because I felt obligated to, I promised I wouldn't leave. There was about a 6 month gap that I didn't talk to J. We starred talking more and more and one day he asked to see my tits. I said no, told him to fuck off and to not talk to me again. of course he tried to say it was a test but I just ignored him from then on. He tried to spit on me once, I ignored him then too. He started sending me emails telling me that I was the reason he was suicidal, that I should just die and that no one would miss me. I blocked him. well a few months ago he punched me. I pressed charges and now he is in anger management. Well Since then, D and I broke up (we were together for about a year and three months) and now he is asking all of my friends if I ever had sex with D or if I have a boyfriend and said he misses the old me. he said I used to be bubbly and apparently kinda slutty. (TOTALLY DISAGREE) and the found out that we at least fooled around (not all the way) and then called me slutty for doing stuff with D. that's not slutty, right? We were together for a long time, especially for high school. He started saying all these things like we were friends and that everything was"
177,"AITA for telling the person on the phone that my dad was asleep? When this happened my dad had been in his room, lying in bed for over an hour. When the phone rang my mom couldn't answer it my brother was whining, general chaos around the house. My dad yelled from his room ""someone get the phone"" which I thought was weird since he always has the phone with him. Anyway I answered it and it was my uncle asking for my dad. I said I thought he was asleep and offered to check to which he replied that it was ok and he would call later. Detail: the phone is a landline phone so I couldn't leave my room while talking. So, when I got out of the room my dad (still in his room with the lights off) asked me who was on the phone and when I told him he got really angry because apparently he was awake and I should have known that since he talked to me (refering to the yelling for someone to get the phone which he would have also done if he had been awakened by the phone). So, am I the asshole here?"
178,"AITA for not wanting to hear about this girl's problems? I'm in my late 20's and I'm reasonably settled in life. I'm hard-working, honest, and I try to be a good person, I really do. But there is this one girl that is really just too fucking much. I have reached my limits with her. She's 21 and we attend the same community college. I have never in all my fucking life heard anyone talk of grief, pain, and suffering the way this chick can. I'm supposed to be a good person so the first time she sat down next to me in the cafeteria and told me she had ""no one else to talk to about this"", I told her of course I'd listen. Well, *of course*, she immediately starts blubbering, carrying on like a Jewish widow. Cerebral palsy, autoimmune disease, abuse, rape, *pain, pain, pain.* The first time, I really did listen and felt sorry for her. But after at least 20 fucking encounters like this- and I've only known her 6 months!- I just can't take it anymore. Yes, she had a traumatic surgery. And yes, she has an autoimmune disease that means she's sick six days out of seven. And yes, she's pretty sure she's gonna die before the year's out. Well, it's not *my* fault she was born 3 months early, now is it? Yes, it's gotta be hard being that sick all the time, but it isn't easy listening to it almost every goddamn day, either!! I am so through with her. So you got sucked into an abusive relationship WHILE YOU WERE DATING SOMEONE ELSE?? Eventually you've gotta buck up and stop living in the past. I've heard her talk about how she was violated and then sent to a mental hospital so many times I can literally recite it word for word. I heard you the first time. I didn't need to hear the other fucking 19. Sure, life hasn't been kind to her. But that's just the way it is. Everything happens for some kind of purpose in the end. And no one is going to want to help you or care when all you do is sit on your fucking bed and cry about it ALL. DAY. LONG! You tell me about your issues with self-harm and that you occasionally starve yourself. So what? Every college girl goes without eating to lose weight. You're not fucking special. Eventually, you're gonna have to look on the bright side, or no one's going to like you. I would be completely amazed if you had other friends besides me. Nobody wants to hear about how someone stayed up all night long having flashbacks and a 103-degree fever. It's always the same damn thing. *""I can't stand it anymore, I want to die, why did this happen to me, I wish I were dead"".* NOBODY WANTS TO FUCKING HEAR THAT DEPRESSING SHIT GODDAMN IT!! I mean, what the hell do you even say to that? I hold her hand and tell her it's gonna be okay"
179,"[AITA] I help my sister on her work in my Web Design class, but not another girl or hardly anyone that sits right by us. Alright, so by some weird anomaly, my sister and I share a Web Page Design class in the same period at our school. We sit right by each other (our choice since a lot of the kids in there are annoying as fuck) and I often help my sister do her work if she needs help, though I don't do it for her. When neither of us know the answer, we ask the teacher, and it gets resolved. No big deal. I'd say the closest I ever came to doing something for her was doing a full overhaul of her data files for a website, and that's it. Now this one girl that sits next to her is, in as kind of words as I can say, a dumb and disrespectful bitch. She comes in late every day, leaves early, and acts like miss fucking priss every day. Like many people in our class, she simply begs the teacher every 5 seconds for him to help her, even though the instructions are very clearly printed in our textbook (quite literally spelled out step by step) and even though our teacher literally shows the entire class how to do the work in the front of the classroom. When she doesn't get help, she throws a fucking temper tantrum about it and says ""Well I guess I'll just fail the class then, I don't even care... Not my problem,"" to the teacher and everyone else. Occasionally, she'll beg me for help when she sees me helping my sister, to which I will look her dead in the eyes and say, ""Do it yourself for once."" This doesn't happen a lot, but it has happened before. I only really say this because in my mind, if someone is a disrespectful little twat to the teacher and everyone around them, they don't deserve to be waited on hand and foot like that. It's also fair to say that I do this to some other people sometimes when they try to copy off my work without asking. This isn't nearly as much as a problem, since they at least try and ask the teacher before creeping up on mine and others' screens. Anyways, that's my story. Am I an asshole for doing this, Reddit?"
180,"AITA for taking two slices of pizza from a guy instead of one? My flatmates are away and have let their friend sleep in their room for the next few weeks. As far as I'm aware, he's living here for free. I just met him a couple of hours ago and he told me ""help yourself"" to a pizza that he'd just had delivered. I thanked him and took the two smallest slices and he looked at me shocked like I'd just murdered a puppy. The two slices amounted to roughly 17% of the pizza. I took them because the had the least amount of topping (just one prawn in total). He definitely said ""help yourself"" buuuut judging from his appearance/accent he's from South America so there may be a cultural difference there where it's said to be polite but a line should be drawn? I have no idea, I've lived in NZ all my life."
181,AITA For arguing against someone who looks down on those who enjoy food differently from others?
182,"AITA for not standing during the pledge and defending my friend who also doesn't when someone call them out? Anyways for personal reasons (political and religious) I do not stand for the pledge of alliegence and neither do 2 of my friends, theirs also another person who doesn't but I'm not really friends with them, anyways this is 10th grade high school, it was right after the pledge when someone decided to say to her "" you know it takes less then a minute you could at least stand and then sit down"" and I didn't like the fact that someone was calling out one of my friends for a choice that doesn't effect him at all so I decided to say to him ""Really? Does it matter at all to you if someone wants to sit"" he responded with ""It's not that big of a deal to stand for a minute out of respect"" and I countered with ""It may not be for you but it may be for them"" he just said whatever and stopped talking I really don't think I did anything wrong as I was defending a friends views when someone tried calling them out Edit: So me and the guy who called my friend were civil enough to both apologize to each other and put it in the past, issue resolved!"
183,"AITA for being jealous of my girlfriend's ""prom date"" So I can't physically go to prom with my girlfriend and she's too passive to say no to family and friends. She's going to prom no matter what. (I'm sure she'll have lots of fun too.) She obviously doesn't want to go alone, so people suggested she ask her ex out as a ""date"". They're just friends and there's no chance of anything bad going on with them during prom, but I can't stop being so jealous. I don't like him being called her date and I don't like the thought of people possibly seeing them as going out or anything. Sorry if this is a bad submission, I've obviously never done this before. EDIT: Oh my gosh guys, I'm so sorry I didn't update! :( So all is fine. Nothing happened at her prom and she did have a nice time. (Is that what you all wanted to know? I mean, there's not much to say.)"
184,"AITA for not working the same amount of time as my bro? So to preface: My brother and I have a ""lawn mowing business"" (just high schoolers mowing lawns to make money) and we have 4 lawns to mow around our house. I'm also a very fast mower. So I started mowing one persons (let's call this house rose's house) front yard and my brother started trimming (you know, with a weed whacker to get all the tight spaces and around trees/by fences and such). He said he'd get the backyard of roses house after he's done trimming, so I moved on to another yard. Two of the yards we have to now are connected, so I did those. At this time my brother started mowing the backyard of roses house. I then moved on to a backyard, and I finished it. I then did the other backyard, and my bro moved onto the last houses front yard. I started to put my mower away because I still had to blow off the lawn clippings, but he said that I need to help him finish the front and backyard of the house he was at. I said no, but I'll help you finish this little part in the front yard, so I did that, then got the blower and blew off all the lawn clippings at each lawn. He was barely done with the front yard at this point, but I went inside anyways. He was mad. He said that since I didn't work as long as him, I should get paid less. For those not keeping score, by now I'm mowed 3.5 front yards and 2 backyards and I blew off the lawns. He's only trimmed (which he says is hard, I wouldn't know, I haven't done it ever) and mowed 2 backyard and part of a front yard so I'm thinking, well screw you I did more work then you. (I didn't say that of course. But I did more work than him, and just because I'm fast at mowing, he thinks I should get less money. Am I the asshole?"
185,"AITA For saying an FB post in the group is unrelated? I'm part of a fanpage on Facebook for a specific dubstep artist. Now every now and then I see those typical fishing for likes posts ('Anyone remember this song?' stuff like that), but recently I've seen more and more unrelated posts. It started off with talking about other artists which isn't that bad, then it became dubstep-related 'maymays' which were cringey but eh... And then I see this particular post where someone posts a maymay about listeners of metal from 9gag. I say it isn't related to dubstep and report it to the admin like we've been told. Next post I see says '[dubstep artist] is a metal head, and a lot of dubstep fans are metal heads (myself.) I don't see anything wrong with this here.' I say 'I am wearing shoes. Does that mean I can post about a shoe sale?' the guy then says something (which he's deleted now) about this not being a shoe group then posts a metal-dubstep song from [dubstep artist] and says 'So this isn't metal, huh?' There's a bit more of an argument between that guy then another dude who took my side and then they make up by the guy on my side saying sorry and it just goes downhill from there. Then someone posts 'It's not a big deal and who the hell made you the meme police? GTFO with that attitude, it's all in good fun, let that shit go.' I'm honestly just thinking of leaving this shitty group. All I see are these now and I'm sick of it. So am I the asshole? EDIT: Also, I know it's probably stupid of me to join any form of group on facebook but I thought it would be better than this. EDIT 3: ""The main rule is to have fun and be positive!"" Fuck you. Also I've just left, sick of this bullshit."
186,"AITA for deleting my Facebook account without writing an epitaph first? The title really says it all. To give a tiny bit more context, I had gotten fed up with Facebook for a number of reasons and decided it was time to jump ship. As far as a decision goes, I stand by this one completely. The positives of this decision are reinforced every day (and this is 6 months ago now). The problem is, when I deleted my account, that's all I did. I didn't write ""one last post"", or contact close friends to tell them, or anything. Basically, I got a few texts within the weeks following delete-day from people asking if I was ok, or if I was still friends with them IRL. Some people that I certainly consider to be friends didn't have my number or email, and so they couldn't reach me anymore, and I couldn't reach them either. TL;DR deleted FB, people found out on their own and in some cases assumed the worst (hated them, moved to Timbuktu, etc)."
187,"AITA for making somebody go to work the next day with wet clothes, so that I could sleep? I've realised that the way I've worded the title makes me seem like the asshole already, but hear me out. I live in a rented 6 bedroom house with 5 other students. We all work monday to friday, 09:00 to 17:30. A housemate of mine decided at 22:45 that she wanted to use the tumble dryer, as I was climbing into bed. I got up and the conversation went something like this: *For further clarification, the house we live in is shit. The tumble dryer is located on top of the washing machine, and no matter how hard we try, the thing will rattle and push itself up against the wall outside my door, and shake into the wall constantly until it is finished. Myself and one other person live on the bottom floor, the other 4 people live upstairs.* **Me:** ""Hey, please can you use the tumble dryer in the morning so that I can sleep now."" **Upstairs room-mate:** ""I can't CIDC, as I need dry underwear for tomorrow morning at work."" **Me:** ""Well I need sleep. Can you put the underwear you need dried out to air tonight, and then use the tumble dryer in the morning? It'll be dry by the morning."" **Upstairs room-mate:** ""No, it needs to be dried in this tumble dryer."" &nbsp; So she proceeds to start it for 50 minutes, and goes upstairs. I turn it off as soon as she leaves, and get back into bed. A minute or so later, I hear her come down and start it again. I go outside and so begins the argument where she says that I can keep turning it off, but she will continue to turn it on again. Eventually, I decide to just let her win and I lay awake for the entire time the dryer is banging against my wall. Cut to 6.30am, and I hear her come downstairs and run the machine AGAIN for another half an hour. Now I'm completely sure this was out of spite. I get up, go to turn off the dryer and suddenly a great idea comes to me. I locate the fuse box in the house and flick the switch which controlled the power to the sockets. I went back to sleep peacefully, to the sounds of her trying to find out why her spin stopped. Please note, the fuse-box switches did not affect the fridge and freezer or such, I checked before going back to bed. Am I the asshole?"
188,"AITA for getting new piercings despite the fact that my boyfriend doesn't like piercings? My boyfriend is a great guy, but he doesn't like piercings or tattoos at all. Which kind of surprised me when I found out, since I already had a nosepiercing and a few ear piercings when we met. He told me he'd prefer it if i took them out, and I told him I'd prefer to keep them and that was that - or so I thought. I really wanted some more ear piercings, since one of my ears was kind of empty compared to the other. I mentioned this to my boyfriend, who tried to talk me out of it, and to compromise with me only getting one piercing (I wanted two). I wasn't really in the mood for a discussion, so i just let it go. A few months later I finally decided to get the piercings done anyway and asked two of my friends to go to a piercer with me. The night before getting pierced I gave my boyfriend - who was in London for a language training week at that time - a heads up via WhatsApp. I knew he wasn't going to be thrilled, but his only response was along the lines of ""Well... if you think you'll look prettier :)"" Suprisingly positive, so I figured he'd be okay with it. I went ahead with it and got my ear pierced (conch and rook in case that's relevant). The next day I visited my boyfriend. I had my hair in a ponytail, so the piercings were clearly visible. He didn't comment on them at all though, so I figured they didn't bother him too much. Turns out he didn't even notice them... Fast forward a week: my boyfriend is staying at my place. I notice him staring at my new piercings. ""What the hell is that? Are those the new piercings? Why?"" and a few minutes later ""I can't even tell you how much I don't like them"" He's devastated. And I mean literally. He pleaded with me to take them out for about 10 minutes, after I refused he proceeded to sulk for good 30 minutes. I asked him why he didn't object before I got my piercings done, since if I took them out now the money I paid for them and the pain of a needle piercing through my ear would all have been for nothing. His response was ""Well, I was in London at that time..."" Whatever... I figured I'd just keep my hair down when he was aroud now, because if he can't see the piercings he's not going to complain about them, right? Well, not really... It worked for a while, but we were cuddling this morning and he pressed his head against my ear unintentionally. I said ""Ouch, you touched my piercings"" which sent him in sulk mode all over again. I decided that I wouldn't waste my Saturday by staying at my sulking boyfriends place. Before I left he said ""Get home safely. Oh,"
189,"AITA for not waiting on a teammate who was taking too long? Background info: I play an MMORPG on which cross-server Arena battles are a thing. The X-server Arena is only open 4 hours a day, in 2 different 2-hr timeslots, only one of which I am ever home for. My server has been less populated recently as a lot of players have quit and getting a decent team for Arena can be a pain. Current situation: I put out a call in severwide ""world chat"" for people to join me for arena. A guildie PM'd me asking me to wait a few minutes for them. The room had been empty for a minute since I'd put out the general invite, so I said yeah I could wait. But he didn't show up and after a couple minutes a guy from another guild joined, which was cool cause there was still 2 spots open, but my guildie STILL didn't show up, and another few minutes after that two other guys from the other guild joined. We started and in the middle of our first battle my guildie PM'd me asking me to invite them. Now, I could have asked one of the other guys to leave or just straight-up kicked one from the room to invite my guildie since I was the team leader, but we had already started. AITA for saying I would wait but going without him when he took too long?"
190,"AITA for being short with a waitress? This is going to be a little longer than it should be but I wanted to make sure I got my point across. My friends frequently bring this up as a time when I was an ""asshole"" So, two friends and I arrive at a diner and sit in the waiting area. We're waiting for a fourth friend. We're just talking about this and that, not being loud or rude or anything. Eventually, the manager walks in and asks if we insulted an old couple that had just walked in. We honestly didn't and said so, but it was clear he didn't believe us. So, we were a little miffed at the start but we were allowed to get a table anyway We sit down. I look at the menu. I dislike cheeseburgers and the last time I was at this diner, I ordered a burger but got a cheeseburger instead. I wanted to make sure this didn't happen again. This is what the menu looked like: All American Burger (cheese is listed as a topping as well as lettuce and tomato and it comes with a side) Cheeseburger Cowboy Burger Several more complicated burgers Plain burger (no cheese, lettuce, tomato, or side) I glanced at the burger section of the menu and didn't even look down at the bottom because I naturally assumed the burgers would get more and more complicated. This is where the interaction with the waitress takes place I asked for an ""All American Burger without cheese."" She got very confused ""Wait? No cheese?"" ""Yes"" ""It's a cheeseburger"" ""Yes, I don't like cheese. I'd like a hamburger"" ""So you just want the burger and nothing on it?"" I knew my response to this would be critical because this is usually where a misunderstanding happens. I didn't want to end up getting a patty without a bun or lettuce or tomato. So, I responded: ""I want the burger, buns, lettuce, and tomato"" ""So the All American Burger without cheese?"" (This is where I got a little short with her) ""Yes, that's why I said it"" Anyway, she was still confused because I essentially ordered a cheeseburger without cheese (even though it's listed as a burger on the title...) and she instead suggested that I get the plain burger and ask for lettuce and tomato as toppings. I just wanted to be done with it so I settled on that and didn't get a side (and I didn't say it, but I was confused as to how a burger with two extra toppings was less complicated than asking for a burger with one less) My friends tell me I was rude when she left. A little later, my milkshake comes. It's overflowing. I'm not over-exaggerating. She brought it with a stack of napkins so it didn't get on the table and it was dripping on every side. I didn't like the milkshake anyway so I just gave it to my friend, but I was still a little miffed Anyway, we eventually get our"
191,"AITA for not telling someone I was advises not to talk to them? Like the title says, I was harassed by this person, university advised me to ignore her completely, now she is threatening to go to the cops because I am ""bullying her"" by ""not telling her that I am ignoring her"", the uni has told her they stand behind me and support my actions completely, so Reddit am I the asshole?"
192,"AITA for being upset about a pregnancy joke? So first I'll give you some background. I am a 22yr old male about to graduate college. This happened yesterday, mothers day, at work. I work at a restaurant in downtown chicago, and for those of you who don't know, mothers day is our second busiest day of the year, so I already wasn't in the best mood. I work with my roommate and my girlfriend, me and my roommate work in the same section, and my girlfriend works as a hostess on the other side of the restaurant. There are 3 other important people in this story, coworker 1 (C1), coworker 2 (C2), and chef. So now to actually start the story. It was a hectic day at work and we had two new people working, which just made matters worse. When I first showed up I saw my roommate and gf whispering to each other, saying something like ""did you tell him yet?"". Me, knowing they were talking about me, asked them what they were talking about, and they just changed the subject. This happened about 1-2 more times that day, but I just kicked it to the back of my mind, as that day was very busy I could go into all the garbage I went through at work that day, but I will skip it to be concise. Basically, I wasn't in the best of moods at this time, but things were dying down and I was looking forward to leaving. I went in the back, and C1, my roommate, and the chef were all laughing in the back. When C1 saw me he shouted ""dumbass got her pregnant!"" my roommate then told him ""no she didn't tell him yet!"" At this point I was beginning to get flustered, and the chef and C1 were telling me what I should have done not to get my girlfriend pregnant, with C1 telling me what a big mistake it was when he had a baby at my age. They continued to grill me, but I just stood there and took it, as there was someone up front I was helping get food for. I went back up front and took care of the customer, and my mind started racing with thoughts. Is she really pregnant? Why did she tell everyone else first? Needless to say, I start to freak out a bit. The only time me and her had talked about kids is when we talked about how much we don't like and don't want them. So I called her over, and the conversation went like this. Me: ""So people have been saying some things about you, is there anything you need to tell me?"" Her: ""Maybe"" *At this point my heart starts pounding, this isn't looking good* Me: ""well what does that mean? If you have something to tell me you can just tell me"" Her: ""not at work"" *I'm starting to freak the fuck out, the only reason she wouldn't want to tell me at work is if it was"
193,"AITA - University Laundry Room incident So my university has 6 washing machines to accommodate 500 students. Naturally this means there's often a queue. I get lucky and come in at a time where there are 2 washing machines free. I have a ""coloured"" and a ""whites"" load. I put them in and start up the machine. I'm passing by about 15 minutes later to check how much time I have before the cycle finishes. I see that one washing machine had stopped (it happens from time to time with these machines) and the clothes inside are still dirty. There's one person waiting for a machine to become free (someone I know, but not exactly a close friend). I go to re-start the cycle on mine, he asked me about it and I explain the situation. He tells me he's been waiting 10 minutes for a machine to become free so I should be offering the machine to him first. I explain to him that I need to put my clothes in the dryer (takes an hour) after washing them and if one cycle finishes much earlier than the other it prolongs the time I have to wait for my washing to get done (and for me to go out). He explains that he's sweating, he's just played football, he needs clean clothes and a shower etc. When he sees I'm not going to give way, he gets quite agitated and at one point I could tell he was thinking of starting a fight. He calms down eventually, shakes my hand and apologizes for his behavior. I'm not sure if he's being sarcastic/joking with the apology (considering how angry he was seconds ago) but he assures me he's not. This happened about a month ago but at the time I wondered whether I was an asshole or reasonable? I just didn't expect him to get so (temporarily) heated over it. I've seen him a couple times since then and he's been cool and it's not been awkward so it hasn't damaged our relationship. But he did tell one of our mutual friends about it, which makes me think he's not quite as happy and apologetic and he seemed."
194,"AITA for thinking my boyfriend's current masturbation habits are insensitive? I want to know if I'm the asshole in a fight that my boyfriend of three years and I are currently having. A little background: I just had a baby three weeks ago and am currently taking care of her mostly on my own while my boyfriend works and breastfeeding every two hours. I have mostly been camped out on the couch. Normally, I am working and my boyfriend has plenty of time alone to masturbate, and I have recently been privy to his habits a little more than I'm used to. I try to be understanding, since I am currently unable to have sex until six weeks postpartum. I am not against masturbation in any way - I masturbate and think it's healthy. I am, unfortunately, slightly bothered by porn use. I don't like to admit it, but it does irk me a little when I know he's whacking it to porn (he gets up in the middle of the night to do it). I have never said anything about it in the past, because I know guys are visual and masturbation is a different, more personal thing than having sex with your partner. He has a very high sex drive. I have also tried to continue being intimate with him and have given him a few blow jobs, maybe two a week or so, since coming home from the hospital. We normally have sex nearly every day. I am exhausted as well as sexually frustrated. This morning I had to take the baby to the doctor. He knew this, but he was unsure of the time I was leaving. I was nursing her on the couch and he came out of the bedroom to get the laptop and went back into the bedroom, announcing that he was going to masturbate. This bothered me and I said in a frustrated tone, ""I'm leaving in an hour!"" thinking he could just wait until I left, which would be preferable for me because I don't really like sitting in the adjacent room awake while he masturbates, but also, I thought, to him, because he wouldn't have to feel bad about me sitting out there, he could have the sound on, or whatever. He gets upset and I get upset back. I said, angrily, that he could just wait for me to leave and have time to masturbate to his favorite porn star all day! We argue and I leave, and I've been stewing all day about how selfish and insensitive he is. I say that he can be more sensitive to how I feel about him masturbating whenever and wherever since I am sexually frustrated and exhausted taking care of a baby and he says I have no right to tell him when or where to masturbate or what to do with his body. He is also stuck on the fact that I don't like porn and is now saying I don't want him to masturbate ever, which isn't true. He says I"
195,"Pet peeve or unreasonable expectation? I don't think I owe customers a staircase unless they have a condition...am I a dick? There's no real fight here to resolve. I just want to know if I'm unreasonable. I work in a high-end department store i.e. (*Tiffany's or Shreve, Crump, and Lowe*) located in a 150 year old building. We're 6 floors tall, one of which is a manufacturing area where we make some of the wares. There's machinery, chemicals, fumes, and salty workers on that floor who occasionally discuss at a shout which one of the others can go fuck himself and whether or not Tony Romo is a fag. A bunch of people involved in the manufacturing have to come and go from this floor throughout the day, are usually pretty grimy and they use a stairwell in the back of the store (right by a back entrance). Because we don't want customers to go anywhere near this area, we provide an elevator in the front of the store that goes to every other floor, but not the factory unless you have a key. The sales staff is dressed formally, and the customers are usually dressed well. The stairwell is behind an ""employees only"" door and isn't easy to find. So, you don't even know it exists unless you ask for special treatment. Somehow, when they find out there is an elevator that takes them to the upper floors, 1 out of 20 shoppers *have* to ask if there's a staircase they can use instead. We used to assume some people were claustrophobic or feared elevators and led them through the stairway as a courtesy. Eventually, it became clear that the majority of people asking for the stairs were only doing so because they want ""the exercise"". So we started explain to whoever asked that there is a stairway that goes through a maintenance area, but it's really not suitable for the public, which is why we provide the elevator. Virtually all of them say they'd rather take the stairway anyway. So I just let them do it and hope no one rubs their Chanel pantsuit against a wall that the 1st shift smeared with grime when they left an hour ago. Should I tolerate this? I don't think I owe these people a workout, and it doesn't make sense to have people there. If I walked into Walmart and asked the greeter where the guns are, should I also be able to expect him to provide me with a weight belt so I can bang out some weighted squat thrusts on the way there...or would that make me an asshole? **TL:DR** My store provides a clean, convenient elevator for well dressed customers and sales staff, but some people have to upset the balance to get in a workout by climbing stairs unless you aggressively refuse them. We're running a store, not a gym. Am I right to think they're being stupidly unreasonable?!"
196,"AMITA for leaving without paying? I went to sonic today and was in a bit of a hurry. I ordered 2 cheeseburgers, and I had a buy one get one free coupon. When the lady came to give me my food, I asked her if she needed to see my coupon, and she said no, and just handed me my food. I tried following her and asking if I needed to pay, but she ran inside. I didn't have time to hit the button again and to ask about it, so I just thought it was a misunderstanding about the coupon, and I left. When I got home, I realized a nice person actually paid for my meal and the lady didn't bother to tell me about it. If someone didn't pay for my meal though, would I have been the asshole for leaving without paying like that if the lady forgot to charge me?"
197,"AITA for not trusting someone we don't know? My partner and I are in our early twenties and live in the UK. Over the last few year she has been getting into modelling, doing various photoshoots. I've always tried to support her as much as I can (I always come along with her to shoots, I don't have any issues with her being naked etc). Recently, a photographer from Spain got in touch with her and said that he'd like to work with her. He's a retired British male who frequently works with models from the UK - he says that as long as she pays for the flights he's happy to provide her with accommodation and food for the weekend, in exchange for a photoshoot and her posing for his life drawing class. She mentioned that she'd feel better if I could come along too, which the photographer said was fine. However, I said I had reservations staying with somebody that we didn't know in a foreign country. We argued about it a bit but eventually agreed to go along but to stay in a hotel. Today we booked our flights, and we're not going to be arriving until after midnight. The photographer has offered to pick us up straight from the airport and drop us at our hotel - again, I had some reservations about this. I explained that I don't see why this guy is going above and beyond, offering us accommodation and rides when she's only doing a few hours work for him over the weekend (which she is also getting paid for). Her argument is that he's just being professional - he's married and has a reliable web presence (he does look to be a good photographer and he's got testimonials from female models who have gone alone to stay with him and his wife). She points out that if he was up to anything dodgy, why would he go to the trouble of coaxing someone over from the UK, when friends and family are going to know where they are? She claims that I'm overthinking and worrying too much and that I need to loosen up. I can see her side but I'm very reluctant to trust this guy. To me it seems like he's trying way to hard to have contact with us outside of the proposed work - I've said that I'm still happy to go but we should definitely keep contact with him limited to the work (for example, sort our own airport transfers and not go to his house). She keeps asking me what I think he's going to do, and I guess I can't really provide a clear answer - it's just in my nature not to trust a stranger, especially within an industry like modelling which I argued is notorious for exploitation. Also I think the fact he has a good reputation on a few websites is pretty much meaningless. What do you guys think? Do I need to loosen up a little or am I right not to trust"
198,"AITA for being mad at my friend for not paying me back? I have a friend who will often buy me food. Not because I ask, just as a favor if we are somewhere together and hungry and I don't have money. She often has more money than me and has always made it a point to say that her paying is friendly favor and I don't owe her. Last week, we were going to go to the movies, and we were each planning to pay for our tickets. When we got there, she had forgotten her wallet, and told me if I paid for her ticket, she would pay me back the next day. A few days later I asked if she could give me the 10 dollars because I needed it for bus fare, and she told me she realized afterwards she shouldn't have to pay me because she had bought me things in the past adding up to much more than $10. Am I an asshole for being angry at her? I understand her point that she had paid for me before, but I was never told that she expected me to pay her back. $10 is not a lot of money, but I still feel like she doesn't have the right to say she won't pay me back after I paid for her under the pretenses she would."
199,"AITA for making my friend's fiancé file a claim with his insurance when he hit my car? Back in November I was visiting my friend at her place, helping her plan her wedding, when her fiancé backed into my car because he forgot it was parked behind him. He hit it pretty hard causing my front driver's side headlight to be smashed and completely threw off the alignment of the hood. He offered to take it into the shop to see what the damages were, and the shop had told him that because of pre-existing rust and parts that needed to be replaced, that it was impossible to fix his damage without fixing the previous damages. He offered to give me $400 under the table for the damage. I did not quite believe that would be enough to cover his damages so I took the car in myself to a collision inspector, who told me that it was actually about $3000 worth of damage from his accident alone. I asked him to file a claim with his insurance and he refused. Luckily he did end up giving me his policy information and I was able to file the claim and get the damage taken care of. , Because of this, I was kicked out of their wedding and they haven't spoken to me since. They are furious that I would file an insurance claim when there was pre-existing damage, and caused his insurance rates to go up with this claim. I feel that if it was anyone else in this situation and not a friend, they would be forced to file a claim for the accident anyways and I shouldn't have to drive around with a smashed headlight because of his mistake. Am I the asshole?"
200,"AITA for ignoring someone who texted while driving? So I got into a new guild in a game. All is well, it's a fun bunch. Along comes someone I hadn't met before, and he said that he'll join up once he's home, because he's currently driving. (The game has a mobile app which allows access to guild chat.) When he said this, my response looked like this: DON'T TEXT AND DRIVE PUT DOWN THAT PHONE NOW In an attempt of some sort of wake-up call. He laughed it off and came up with shit excuses like ""nobody is on the road"", ""I am only driving 80 km/h"", ""everyone else texts and drives as well"", ""I hold my phone above the steering wheel"" and ""it's late and dark"" (wtf?). So I told him fine, I'll just ignore you. If he has nobody to talk to, he can't text and drive. I continued ignoring him after he came in game. After a solid hour of ignoring him, I talked. He *still* came up with bullshit excuses for his reckless behaviour on the road, and proceeded to publically call me a hypocrite and a concern troll. This guy was endangering the lives of every person he shared the road with, shrugged it off like it was nothing, and treats me like absolute rubbish because I called him out on his recklessness."
201,"AITA for not having dinner ready My girlfriend and I both work full time. She has a long commute and gets home at 715 and I get home around 5. We both make about the same amount I just have a nicer work life balance. So lately she's been mad that I don't have dinner ready for her when she gets home. I clean up the apartment every day. Including all her shit she leaves out in the morning. We cook together, and split rent. But she thinks I should be getting groceries and working out and cooking dinner every night before she gets home instead of relaxing and waiting to cook with her. I like that we cook together and I've shared that with her she just thinks I should do more chores since I have more time at home. It's not like she brings any more to the equation or anything. So am I the asshole for spending my alone time on things I like (like playing xbox) and waiting to cook and get groceries together?"
202,"AITA for being upset that my husband was talking to me about someone who caused me a lot of pain in the past? This is going to be a wall of text, so I apologize in advance. Back in college (almost 10 years ago) one of my husband's female friends was really into him. She made it clear a number of times she wanted him to leave me and be with her, including sending him a tape of her masterbating. It was really hurtful he continued to.be her friend for so long. Nothing physical happened between the two of them, but they did hang out. On one occasion he even forgot that we were meeting for lunch because I needed help carrying a lunch tray as I was walking with crutches due to a knee injury. He went to lunch with her because she was having a bad day while I waited around like an idiot. He didn't even call me, so I found this out that night when he got back from class. He said he felt bad for her because she found out she had MS and her boyfriend was a serial cheater, etc. I never told him he had to cut her out of his life because I don't think it is right to dictate who he spent his time with, even though it really hurt me. He even considered having us ""take a break"" when she told him she and her boyfriend were taking a break. I told him I loved him, but if he wanted to take a break to see where things could go with another woman than I considered it a break up. I told him I wanted him to be happy, but I would not sit around and be a doormat and wait for him while he slept with someone else.I would accept decision, but if he didn't chose me we were done. He chose me and eventually phased her out of his life. I have forgiven him. We met young and he didn't expect to meet someone he would be so serious with when he did. I do.understand that, but he still treated me pretty horribly and while I have tried to let it go completely, the hurt doe creep up from time to time because it was such a tough time for me and really hits a sensitive, insecure part of me. We have a great life a d a great married. We even survived the loss of our oldest daughter six days after birth to trisomy 18. We have two other daughters (2.5 years old and 10 months old). I had to get a hysterectomy because of pain and issues. This has been hard on me. Now I am making ovarian cysts on the one ovary I have left. The pain, disappointment and fear is causing me a lot stress (and physical pain). I may need to have this ovary removed, which will put me into full menopause and I am only 29. I can't do hormone replacement and this could"
203,"AITA For wanting/needing affection after sex every time? Okay so neither of us is really an asshole in this situation, but this was the best sub I could think of for some insight. I'm seeing a guy. For all intents and purposes we act like we're boyfriend/girlfriend. I like him a lot and have opened up quite a bit about some sexual abuse in my past. So he knows that I view sex a little differently and is super understanding. A few weeks ago, we had sex and then immediately after he grabbed his iPad and started looking at sports news and Fast forward to last night. I basically bootycalled him when he got off work (I had been drinking a bit) we had great sex a few times over the course of an hour. Then he just sort of got up, put his pants on, and left. He almost didn't kiss me goodbye (we are both pretty affectionate, me moreso than him). I was pretty pissed again. He had made it clear he couldn't stay the night, but I seriously want/need at least five minutes of cuddling or something after. I can get pretty irrationally emotional sometimes,and I don't want to make this a huge deal. Am I in the wrong/weird for wanting cuddles, or is this a normal thing to ask for? If I am blowing this out of proportion, then I want to work on it and improve myself. TL;DR Is it fair for me to ask for at least 5 minutes of quality time/cuddles after sex, or am I being too emotionally needy?"
204,"Hey /r/AmITheAsshole, you're subreddit of the day! Congratulations!"
205,"AITA for suggesting abortion when one of my best friends got his ex girlfriend pregnant? I'll try to sum this up as shortly as I can, but it's a long story. One of my best friends has had a rough couple of years. He doesn't really deal with emotions well, and has had a couple of deaths in his family, had a girlfriend who he didn't feel treated him right which after the breakup practically drove him to alcoholism, and most notably 1,5 years ago found out his brother (who had 2 kids) had been beaten to the point where he's pretty much dead, and since the people who did it never got caught, and his brother still breathes he hasn't had any closure. Last summer, he met a bipolar girl, and in a few weeks they got together. She lived in a town about 80 miles from here, and they met during the weekends. After a few months when he lost his job he moved to her. To sum up their relationship, he complained that she constantly made things to make him feel bad, and he said she was always bossy and stuff. She later revealed that she only did that to make him feel something, since he was living in a bubble after what happened to his brother, and all of a sudden he started feeling lots of things. Eventually, he started seeing a psychologist which made him feel better, and learn lots of things about himself. After maybe 3 months of living together, she broke up with him because she couldn't stand how negative he was. He turned to alcohol and wanted to kill himself, and she got in touch with him and they worked things out and he started only seeing things positively. No negative things at all in his life, only optimism, and that can be good. Now to the point. She broke up with him, since apparently they were fighting constantly and she couldn't take it. The following week he was actually writing to me and our buddy about wanting to kill himself, and that he drank every night to be able to sleep. We told him to stop it and move away from her ASAP, since he complained she was doing everything she could to make him feel like crap. He first said she blamed him for making her act like that since *he* was really immature, and we really told him that he should GTFO. He said he wanted to try again, but she said there was no chance they would do that. Important here is that while being sad he was complaining about her always blaming everything on him, and always bossing him around and making him feel worthless. The same weekend they both got drunk and ended up in bed, and talked everything out and he understood that despite he really wanted to try again with a relationship it just wouldn't happen. We said that was great and really pushed him to look for an apartment. A few days later he pretty"
206,"AITA for cutting off the girl who lied about sleeping with someone. I met a girl and we started to get serious fairly quickly. Early on I told her that if she had been with anyone that was involved in the same sports institution as us. Which is someone we both know and other mutual friends of ours would know. That that would be a problem, however I would like to know before hand so that we could either deal with it appropriately or choose to not proceed. She promised and swore and down that she hadn't. To the point that on multiple occasions she made me feel like an asshole for ever asking. Well fast forward three years, and it turns out she has...and with the same someone she said she hadn't. I told her that she knowingly decieved me and lied and covered it up and that we would no longer be together. She claims it was a drunken mistake and that she lied because she wanted to be with me and she knew telling me early on. Would make that impossible. Since than she has been very loyal. This lie however is significant and makes me wonder if her excuse about being drunk and it being one time is even true. As well as calls into question if other things she has said are lies as well. Am I the asshole for telling her this is irreparable? Edit 1: First off thank you for everyone for your replies. The two sides of the replies is exactly how I have been going back and forth in my head. Yes she lied yes that dishonest. She did it to stay with me. Yet she knew the consequences of lying. However has been seemingly loyal while together. It is scary to think what else she has lied about though. Edit 2: For those saying it was unfair for me to ask. Well it is a very tight knit community this place and I knew people would be talking. I wanted to to know the character of the person I was going to be with. And if it was a person who was into one night stands or bounced from person to person. Well than it wasn't for me. She made it seem like how she was being with me me was special and not common. So I did not want to be just another guy who just happened to come along. If she was just going down the list, well than I wasn't something special. I was just someone who worked out. Edit 3: For those saying at least she came clean when caught. Well not really it took someone telling me directly to my face for me to find out. Which coincidentally is one of the reasons I wanted to know. If I am defending her honor when people question it by saying oh she has been with some guys and I am saying oh know never she is not like that. Well I look like a dumb fuck. So when"
207,"AITA for refusing to send drugs to my mother? My mom visited me in Oregon recently, and she insisted that we drive up to Washington, where pot is legal, so that she could buy some and ship it to herself. Problem was, the post office was closed for Memorial Day when she tried to send it, and she left the next day. She asked me to ship it to her, and at first I didn't have a problem with it, but then I got to thinking... Sending pot across state lines counts as drug trafficking, and even in such a small amount (less than an ounce) it's punishable by up to five years in federal prison. When I told her this, she said there was almost no chance I'd get caught if I packaged it really well. I still refused. Now she's getting a friend to ship it for her, but I can tell she's still really pissed. Is there something I'm missing here? Everyone I've talked to says I made the right choice, but I still feel bad."
208,"AITA for not wanting to speak to my dad who has never tried to be involved in my life, even though he wants to be? I know he wants to get to know me but I just can't bring myself to love him."
209,"AITA for going on a vacation with a female coworker? I am married with one kid. Due to work, we currently live in different countries, even continents. I planned on visiting her but I hadn't gotten a visa yet. There was a long weekend coming up, and this coworker asked me if I wanted to join her on a vacation. She said that there will be three of us if I join. I told my wife that I was going to join. Nearing the long weekend, the third person said that he'll not be joining. I didn't tell my wife about it, thinking that it makes no difference. I still took the vacation. We stayed at a hotel, different rooms and all. Nothing happened other than enjoying the vacation, visiting the tourist sites etc. On our way back, my wife asked me if I went to vacation just with that female coworker. I answered truthfully and she got mad, saying that I was inconsiderate of her feelings. AITA here?"
210,"AITA for spending money that was originally going to be used for a gift, but was then told to not get one? Ok, as I am conversating with my friend, he asks me if I would like for him to buy me a game as a gift, and then I simply respond, ""I would like it, but I don't see how i'd pay you back."" He then says, ""just buy me a game worth about 3/4ths of the price. Me, having pretty much exactly the amount of money for this deal decides that I'll do it. I tell him to wait until I can get the game for him for him to send it to me, because it was pretty late at the time(around 3:30 AM our time), yet he sends it anyway. The next day rolls along, I have the money and all is well. While i'm hanging out with friends, he texts me that he doesn't need me to get the game for him, because he can just pirate it and I don't need to pay him. I respond with, ""You sure?"" and he still says that I don't need to pay him. I then proceed to treat myself to a few games, items, etc, not having to worry about paying him back for the gift. After I had treated myself, I was left with a couple bucks, not enough to get him the game. He then talks to me the next day saying that he had failed to pirate the game, asking me to get him the game again. I tell him that I had already spent the money, and it's not too often that I get steam cash, and he proceeds to flip out and scream at me. I try to calm him down, but to no avail. I explain to him how dumb this whole situation is, and he proceeds to boycott my existence completely. He tells my friends(who are also his friends) to not talk to me, play with me, or anything of the sort. AITA?"
211,"AITA for stealing some ""expensive"" champagne. So I was at a party and I got absolutely blind drunk, along with everybody else, it was a fun party. The next morning the girl who hosted starts a Facebook group up titled who stole my champagne. So she writes in the description Hey guys last night was fun but someone stole my bottle of champagne and it was really expensive and I want to know which dickhead it was so they can pay me for being inconsiderate. So I'm like ok I suppose this is reasonable, thinking it was like an £80 (~120USD) bottle or something. So the entire group jumps on the bandwagon - including myself - trying to figure it out, we all looked at pictures of the night and questioned people and stuff. She starts getting really shitty about the whole situation and starts saying really quite nasty things about whoever it was that took the champagne, naturally people are starting to give up and she starts abusing them. So people ask her how much the champagne was and it turned out to be just a £10 bottle from a corner-shop. This girl has a history of being an attention seeker and she's always kind of annoyed me, so yes this was a bit of me getting sick of her, but she really is your stereotypical über annoying privileged-private-school-girl. I messaged her saying that the fact that she's started this whole group and lied to people about the price and crucified whoever took the champagne was way out of order and that she should have just let it go. She unsurprisingly says whatever and presumedly said nasty things about me to her friends. Here comes the plot twist: It was me. I was the thief. In my defence I had absolutely no idea it was me. I had zero recollection of the nights events the next morning and nothing had come back to me. There was a single photo of me holding the £10 bottle in question (proof?) and she leapt at the opportunity to blame me. She reopened the group, for the sole purpose of telling the group of people who'd attended that it was me. She posted pictures of the messages I'd sent her about how she'd blown the whole thing out of proportion, and deliberately omitted the messages I'd sent her apologising for what I'd done, and that I genuinely had no idea that I was the culprit. I felt pretty persecuted and got a lot of messages from people telling me I was a dick. I obviously said I would pay for the £10 pound bottle of expensive champagne. I posted on the group explaining myself and she deleted it, and a subsequent screenshot of the post my friend had put up later. I know that the act of stealing the champagne was wrong, and I'd be happy to just have peace of mind. I understand if I'm the asshole I just want unbiased opinions on the matter. **EDIT:** I found out I was the culprit at"
212,"AITA by being annoyed at my brother? My brother was hospitalized for a few days last year for what doctors think was schizophrenia (I don't know the exact details as my parents won't tell me). He has also had other mental health problems like anorexia and bulimia in the past. And since then, he's been very rude and generally quite unpleasant. For example, he'll shout at my parents to 'fuck off!' and 'shut up' when they ask him what he wants to eat for dinner. He'll also ask my mum when she's going to die so he can get all of her money at the dinner table and many other things like that. These things just get me so angry and annoyed because I love my mum and dad and I can tell that my brothers behaviour is putting a lot of stress and making them very unhappy. So, am I the asshole even though my brother has a mental disorder?"
213,"AITA for telling a good friend she's not going to graduate if she doesn't get her shit together? I've been friends with this person for 4 years now. I've helped her through tough times, and she's helped me. We are going into our final year of school and her grades are not the best. She passed only 2 classes out of 12. She did ok the first 2 years, so there is a chance she can still graduate if she takes extra classes and works really hard (I confirmed this with administration). Yesterday I sat her down and told her I was concerned about her academic progress. She's the kind of person who knows how to do the work, but is too lazy to do anything. I know how that feels since I was that way for a while, but she doesn't do *anything*. I basically told her she needs to get her shit together or she will not graduate. I explained how she needs to take some summer classes and extra ones during the next school year, but it is possible. Maybe I didn't say this in the most elegant way, but I've told her in the past and she just shrugs it off. Now she's really pissed at me for getting involved with her academic life. Was I the asshole or was this the push she needed to get her act together?"
214,"[AITA] Brother got my 4 yo son an Electric ATV for his birthday, I immediately returned it. My brother is pretty generous and bought my four year old son an electric ATV, something like $200. Problem is, I hate the gift, to me, it's rich kid flaunt your money stuff, even though it isn't THAT expensive. But no other kid in the neighborhood is going to have something like that. I don't think it's going to help him learn or use his imagination or anything. Another issue is that it takes up a fair bit of space (1 car garage, townhouse) and our neighborhood is in the city (although there are plenty of grass parks around.) So I returned it over his objections. Am I the Asshole? EDIT: Adding that my son is unaware of the ATV, it went right into the garage. Edit 2: The money has been returned to my brother, I'm not keeping it."
215,"AITA for wanting to kick someone out of my band because he's stupid? In my band, I'm the bassist (inb4 ""why is the bassist complaining about someone being dumb?"") and for a while, we've been wanting to kick out our vocalist. We all have our own reasons; my brother (lead guitar) is pansexual or something (I'm not sure what it is at this point in time) and doesn't appreciate the homophobic jokes our vocalist makes. He has been asked to stop twice, but rather than apologize, he tries to justify it by saying he learned those jokes from a gay guy and the guy makes those jokes all the time. Our drummer wants him gone because he just constantly does stuff to piss him off, i.e. moving stuff on the drumset, changing the tone on the set. He hasn't been asked to stop this but he does understand that drummers hate when people mess with their kit, so it's one of those things that doesn't need to be said, in my opinion. I want him out because he's dumb. Plain fucking dumb. If you asked me to tell you what is going on inside his head when he is spoken to, [this] would be my answer. Let me count the ways: * We all don't have a lot of money, just enough for equipment maintenance, gas, and food. The guitarist, drummer, and I came up with a plan to put together a band fund so that when we need lights, smoke machines, etc. or someone needed to replace a piece of equipment quickly, we don't have to shell out money from our pockets and instead use the money we've saved up. He refused to throw in, not because it would've put a crimp in his finances, but because he didn't comprehend the point. * 2 months after bragging about having enough money to replace any piece of equipment we, as a band, owned, he has now had to pick up a 2nd job after falling behind on rent. In that time, he decided to buy **A GODDAMNED SAILBOAT.** * One of two vehicle owners in the band, has a truck that could be useful to get to a from peformances, but it needs a windshield replacement, an alignment, new tires, and fluids replaced. Spends money on a boat and his street bike instead. * On the day of a performance, he chooses to ride to a town that is an hour away from our rehearsal space an hour before we agreed to meet. He then gets stuck in traffic, causing him to be 2.5 hours late. The reason? He wanted to refill his tank of whippets. So tell me...am I the asshole for wanting to get rid of him simply because he's stupid?"
216,"AITA for cutting things off So I've had the feels for my best lady friend for like 5 years, I told her like 2 months ago? Basically I couldn't deal with my feelings anymore and just sat her down and told her. Another big thing is, I've been going to the church (her father is the pastor) most of my life.. like 10+ years. I've stopped going to that church and attending another church. It isn't solely because of her, but she is part of it. Basically when I go to that church, my focus should be God, my mind should be on God, but it's not. Also to put another loop in it, it is a korean church. Sermons are in Korean, everything mostly is in Korean. I am half Korean, I understand it, read it, and write it at maybe a middle school level. I know enough to survive in Korea, but when it comes to sermons and spiritual growth, the Korean is a whole new level. And a whole other plate of relationship type issues with other ladies hahaha. So there are many reasons, the most important being... my spiritual growth, the next would be my relationship with my lady friend. 3 weeks ago I announced to ""leaders"" of small group, which she is one. That I am no longer coming to church, because I will be going to an American Church. She, of course was shocked and wanted to know why and wanted to meet up. I laid it out to her, my feelings, my focus, my spirituality. Let's just say after the talk, I did make her tear up, I've never felt so firm and douchey haha. I've been stuck on this girl for a long time... and I'm ready to move on, I've been stuck in this church, spiritually, and ready to move on. I thought to myself, this seems selfish, but it's about time to watch out for myself and grow. Honestly, I feel great right now. Just because the feels aren't being pulled. Sometimes I felt like she was taking advantage, I was being used, and maybe I had a chance with her(partially why I kept my feelings for her)... but then again I don't know. We've been really good friends for a long time, and I felt like me staying at the church and seeing her would just make things worse. Oh I must say, she's recently obtained a bf. In which, she has brought to church events. Thank the Lord, I wasn't there when she did. I just feel like I wouldn't be able to handle it, and make things awkward for her, and myself... and in the end make things worse for our friendship relationship. AITA??"
217,"AITA for asking someone to move out of three parking spots? I was going to a doctors appointment yesterday and wanted to park in the front of the building. A lady was parked in three spots talking on her cell phone. I rolled down my window and politely asked her to move. She got angry and told me there are other spots, she's just making a phone call and writing out a check. I tell her I am trying to park in front of the building and she is taking up three spots. She rolls up her window. I wait for her to move. She rolls down her window, asks what I want, I repeat what I said before, she calls me an asshole and says I must be racist (I'm white, she's an older lady with a spanish accent), waits another minute, then drives off. It was a relatively empty parking lot, she could have chosen another spot but so could I. She got angry when I asked her to move, played the race card, and acted like I'm the asshole. I tried my best to be polite but I could have backed down and prevented this woman from getting angry. What do you guys think?"
218,"AITA for keeping my child from her biological father? Alright, that title may have been misleading, but you're all only getting my side of the story here so I want to make sure I paint a very clear picture. Five and 1/2 years ago, I had a baby with a man that I married. He was 19, I was 21. He came from a family with very detached parents, I came from a loving, close-knit family. We were very much the products of our upbringing. We stayed together until she was ten months old. During that ten months he was rarely around. He would stay out until he knew I had her put to bed for the night. He couldn't stand the sound of her crying, he would never allow himself to be left alone with her. Looking back as an adult, it is very clear he was young, inexperienced and terrified. At the time, I was also young and inexperienced, and didn't understand why he couldn't just love and spend time with our daughter. He left when she was ten months old, letting me know that I could contact him for child support but he wasn't interested in raising this child. Once he moved out, I didn't let him move back in, but when he came around feeling sorry for his actions, I wanted him to see our daughter so I allowed visits. After the first couple of visits, he started coming later and later and eventually began showing up after she was in bed. When I realized he was visiting ME instead of HER, I put a stop to it. He became angry and again told me that he didn't want to have anything to do with the child. This time, I decided there were no take-backs. From my point of view, I didn't want my daughter to deal with a father that was in-and-out of her life. By this time, she was only a year old, but eventually she would grow up and I never wanted her to hear her own father say outloud that he wanted nothing to do with her. We went through the court for our divorce that year. Having never actually been left alone with our daughter, he was given supervised visitation once/week through a facility in our county. He attended the first few times and then just stopped showing up. He didn't even show up to the last two divorce/custody hearings and they ended up finalizing it without him present. Now my daughter is 5 and 1/2. I've always been honest with her about the situation to an age-appropriate level. (You used to have another daddy, but he knew he wasn't very good at being a daddy so he went away so that your life could be filled with love and joy. Then it was just you and me for a while until we met _[my husband]__ and now he takes good care of you.) She loves her step-dad, knows he isn't her biological father but she wants to call him Dad anyway. She"
219,"AITA for yelling at my friend? I was having a bad day. All of my friends know that when i am having a bad day, i will be incredibly irritable. Today was awful. I was sick, under a LOT of stress, and i was just really down in the dumps. Yeah, one of those days. Anyways, there is this one girl, you know, the one everybody tries to like, but most of the time secretly dislikes? Yeah, her. Well, she always annoys me. Normally it doesn't bother me but today it was like having someone play the recorder in your ear while popping water ballons filled with vinegar on your head. I told her, politely, to please leave me alone, that i wasn't having a good day, but she laughed in my face and continued to annoy me further. And then i exploded. I got in her face and used the full extent of my colorful language at her until i finally just threw my hands up and walked away, leaving her there, shocked. When i came back to my senses later, i felt incredibly guilty. I texted her an apology and explanation (bad day, too much stress and whatnot) but she still hasn't responded. I tried calling and it went right to voicemail. So to settle my conscience, tell me. Am i the asshole?"
220,"AITA for not calling my girlfriend's mom, Auntie? My ex-girlfriend was urging me to call her mother ""Auntie"" instead of ""Miss. _____"" the first time I meet her. She told me that this was customary of her culture (she's from Hong Kong). I refused, arguing that it was bizarre and even inappropriate to do so in my culture, especially since I've never met her mother before. All in all, it wasn't a huge deal. But am I an asshole for not calling my ex's mom, Auntie?"
221,"AITA for reinviting someone to a Facebook group chat? Kinda long, skip to TL;DR if you want but you might miss some context. Ok, so I have two friends C (girl) and J (boy). Out of the two of them, I would say I'm closer to J, but we've lived together at uni since September. We're all part of a larger group of friends and we have a Facebook group chat that we use to just all talk. C and J seem to have a love/hate friendship and often get into arguments of sorts, but always seem to make up in the end. A few hours ago, we were all just having a conversation on there which I was only loosely following and not really participating in. C then joins in and informs us that she's drunk. We then realise J isn't in the chat for some reason (we later find out someone jokingly kicked him a few weeks before and he never got reinvited), and C then begins to badmouth the band J is in, in this chat **which J is supposed to be in**. Also, J and his girlfriend recently broke up, so she also commented how he's just been feeling sorry for himself lately and it's annoying her. During all this, another friend (D) tells C to delete the messages because he's going to invite J back into the chat. She does so, but doesn't realise it only deletes it for you looking at it. D invites J back in, he says, says ""Fuck off C"" and leaves. I come in at this point saying ""you know he could see those right?"" and she's like ""that's why I deleted them"" and I said ""it only deletes for you..."". No-one else said anything then so I was just like ""meh whatever"". A few minutes later, J asks me if I can reinvite him. I, knowing what he's like, ask him why and he says ""to see what C put"". This then puts me in an awkward position: if I don't invite J, he'll be mad at me. If I do, C will be mad at me. I tell him ""I'll only invite you if you don't start an argument in the chat"", and invite him back. Lo and behold, he starts arguing. I tell him in the group chat to drop it and talk to Cat privately. Again, it all goes silent and I'm like ""thank god that's over"". NOPE. Another few minutes later, C messages me saying ""thanks for that"". I quite bluntly tell her he asked me to reinvite him, and not to say stuff online if she doesn't want to risk people seeing it. She then tells me to ""stop being so righteous and up myself as it pisses people off"", implying this isn't something only she feels, and it's not sudden. Was then just talking to my closest friend in the group (K) about it all and she says C made a chat with her and D when I reinvited J and basically bitched about me"
222,"am I the asshole for getting a little huffy with my roommate, who is always using the kitchen? Without getting into too much detail (I just deleted a wall of text), I am almost always out of the apartment all day at work, and my roommate is almost always home 24/7. It's to the point where in the entirety of 2014, I was alone in the apartment for 45 minutes total. I don't like being bothered when I'm cooking - I just want to keep my head down and get on with it, and because of this I rarely use the kitchen. Someone always comes out and wants to talk to me, or use the stove at the same time, and I don't like being distracted. Because I get annoyed, I try to remove myself from this situation as much as possible. Today I wanted to sneak in some raviolis for dinner. They were fresh from a market that makes them on site. Because they were never frozen, total cook time once the water is boiling is around five minutes. These are the kind of stealth meals I try to make. The girlfriend (who is also a rent paying tenant in this apartment - four people in a five bedroom, in a tight rental market, in a decent location) had asked me to bring these raviolis home and make them because she had come from the dentist and wanted to eat something soft for dinner. I get home, and the roommate had every surface area in the kitchen covered in food prep work. Cutting boards, vegetables, packaging, measuring cups, pots and pans, etc. He had all four stove burners going. Keep in mind, he is home all day. He has hours and hours of alone time every single day of the week. Normally when this happens - and it happens a lot - I'll just get delivery even if I was planning on cooking that night. Often, even if I had just come from the grocery store with dinner. But the girlfriend had her heart set on these raviolis. So I basically told her ""I can't deal with being down here, I will literally go anywhere with you right now, I will bring home food from a restaurant down the street, I will pay for delivery, I will go to the grocery store and get you whatever you want, there's just no room for me to make these raviolis for you."" But she insisted on making them herself, so I removed myself from the situation. I guess she got him to give up one of the burners and had to dance around him while she heated them up and and then used the same pot for the sauce I had also brought home. The thing is, I said all this *right in front of him*. He can surely tell that I get annoyed at him for doing stuff like this, but I've never ""had a conversation"" with him about it because who am I to tell him when he can or can't"
223,"Am I the asshole for not wanting to tell him what I say when I talk about him to my friends? Is he leading me on? For some background... this guy and I met through a mutual friend. For this story, let's call the guy I met Logan, and the mutual friend Kevin to make this less confusing. Also, we're all 16 years old. Yeah, this is going to be really petty. I've seen him before in the hallways at school, but we never talked until Kevin made a group chat with our phone numbers (he made it because Logan needed advice and wanted me to talk to him). We talked and we got on really well, met in person at a party, and now we text just the two of us. Logan and I started to develop feelings for each other and we texted each other often in a flirty manner. He often told me things like ""you're beautiful. you're a cutie. you're perfect to me."" Once he told me that I was his ""favorite human, favorite girl, favorite reliable friend, favorite humorous friend"" and etc that honestly, it made me really touched. Then we hung out once, and we had a lot of fun. He even admitted to me a little before we hung out that he liked me. I told him that I liked him too. But for some reason, he never asked me to be his girlfriend despite having many good chances to. Things started to go downhill a while after that. One day, Kevin texted me asking me if I really liked Logan. I said ""that's a funny question to ask."" and then Kevin told me that Logan just wanted to be good friends. That made me devastated.. I kind of started to get upset at him, and before I started freaking out and saying something I regret I asked him to stop texting me. Then I texted Logan and asked if he really asked Kevin to tell me that. He said yes.. and explained it was because ""you're amazing and all, but I've had my heart broken a lot from liking people and from past relationships and I'm not ready to date ANYONE. but when I'm ready I'll tell you. right now I just want to be close friends."" (To be honest, I think he's only had one girlfriend though? Makes me wonder why he'd feel this way, but who am I to question him when I don't know his entire history..?) He expressed a lot of concern when I was upset, saying that he felt terrible and couldn't eat. So I made sure that I looked happy and told him that I was okay the next day, despite still feeling like absolute shit. He didn't really treat me the same after that. He no longer was flirty and no longer complimented me a lot like he used to. I can live with that, but admittedly I really liked the attention since boys have never treated me like that before... And he started to text me"
224,"AITA for posting a Snapchat story to deliberately piss off the girl I like? Here's the backstory: For about 6 months I've liked this girl who I have known for about 6 years. She and I would either text or snap each other daily for the last 6 months. A lot of the conversation was flirty, so I decided to make a move finally about two or three weeks ago. I texted her and asked if she wanted to go out the next day. She said that she wasn't sure if she could, but would let me know. 6:30pm rolls around the next day, and I haven't heard from her. I texted her asking if she still wanted to go out that night. She said that she was tired after being on her feet and being involved in activity (dancing) all day. No big deal, right? I asked if she wanted to go out next weekend, she said maybe. Fine, not the result I had hoped for, but let's just move on from it. I called my friends up to express my anger about the situation, and how I felt that upset that it seemed as though she wasn't going to let me know that she didn't want to go out that night. Here is where the drama begins. 2 hours later she posts an story on Snapchat that said she was on her way to a town nearby where we live. She was going there to go drinking like she frequently does. I was kind of pissed that she blew me off and gave me a lie in order to go drinking. I sub ""respond"" by putting up a Snap story with my friends with a caption that said ""Plan B."" My friend also tweeted ""left my man hanging today, smh"" and I retweeted it. She shares a class with my friends and the next day told them that she thought it was immature that I put up that snap and retweeted my friend's tweet. She hasn't told me this and doesn't know that I know that she is pissed at me. I have been to 3 parties since then and she won't reply to my snaps and wouldn't speak more than four words or so at the parties to me. I would text her and try to diffuse the situation, but I don't think that I'm in the wrong. Reddit, am I the asshole?"
225,"I beat up an Autistic schoolmate I made a throwaway for this because enough people I know on reddit could identify me because of this story. This is sort of long compared to other posts, but I do believe that a lot of background information is necessary for proper judgement. I'll try to be as unbiased as possible, but I apologize in advance. **~~A Little~~ Background on Me, The Autistic schoolmate, and my school:** I'm jewish. Not particularly religious, but I don't take antisemitism very kindly. Normally I can brush certain things off, as long as they're very clearly in fun, even when they're not so friendly I can laugh it off myself. Physically I'm big enough to come off as intimidating, I'm built very heavily from weightlifting but I'm also very lean. A bear-jew, if you will. As for the person that I beat up, this is what I know about him: He surely has some experience with being bullied. He doesn't come off as normal in appearance or behavior and he clearly has a disorder on the Autism Spectrum. Physically he's long and skinny, with almost albino white skin and very bright blond hair, and a scruffy blond neckbeard. Disregarding all of that, this kid is absolutely brilliant when it comes to Math and Science. For the rest of the post, let's call him Mike. My particular highschool is a small, publicly funded so not private, ""specialized"" school for people with interest in STEM fields. 150 kids at most and every single one of them is a huge nerd, including me. Among other things my school comes off as a safe-haven for kids who have had experience as a victim of bullying, and as a matter of fact my ""fight"" with Mike was the first physical ""fight"" at the school in at least 4 years. **Prelude to Story for extra background:** The fight happened when we were both Juniors, so we had known each other for the better half of 3 years. He's said things that have gotten on everybody's nerves, many of these things were along the lines of bragging about his intelligence. Nobody would say he came off as nice, and everybody after so long had come to the conclusion that he had some severe mental disorder. He tended to say things to specifically get on people's nerves, as well. Not just once, he would repeat them very often. The past few years, between high school and the internet, have included the most antisemitism that I've ever been exposed to. It might be a new trend and it might just be growing up to realize it was there all along, whatever. I became the target of jew-jokes, and for quite a while I handled it very well. When Mike hopped on board with the trend (or whatever) he didn't quite seem to get the patterns in what actually made jew-jokes funny. He would mostly go into the holocaust, and say jokes about Jew's being gassed and burned, while the norm seemed to mostly be about Jews being greedy,"
226,"AITA for getting upset over dinner and not being respected by my father? My mom had to go to the hospital and I went with her. She was supposed to make dinner for the family and unfortunately due to how long we were there it looked like it was not going to happen. I knew my father had a long day at work so I decided to order out for the night since I couldn't be there to cook myself. I called the house and every time I called, I was told by my father that he and my brother can wait till we get home to make the order. I texted my brother my credit card information after the first call so he can order while I'm not there. It was getting extremely late and I called one more time to have them make the order because after a certain time the place stops delivering. My father got pissed at me because I kept calling and trying to make sure dinner was taken care of and he told me to mind my business and stop calling and stop being annoying. This in turn upset me so I told my brother to forget about ordering and delete all my CC info that I gave him. I told him specifically not to use my card and **do not** buy anything. Around 10pm we are finally finished with the hospital, and my mom calls the house to check up on my father and brother. I overhear her say that food was ordered. I quickly check my bank account and I find out my money was used and it was *a lot.* To say I wasn't angry was a understatement. I was **livid.** I quickly explain to my mom why I was so angry and hurt because I was first yelled at for trying to make sure the family was fed and then my brother went behind my back and used my money after I told him not to. When we got home I couldn't even look at my father and brother. I went to the bathroom, took a deep breath and told myself to just suck it up and just eat my food. I sit down and the first words out of my father's mouth are ""Why is her face all twisted?"" My mom says ask me instead of her. I tell my dad I'm fine, and my mom starts explaining why I'm upset. My dad casually brushes off what she says by saying, ""Oh, well she should of just called if she didn't want us to order, and if she wanted a particular item off the menu she should of called"" I calmly put down my fork and say, ""Excuse me, I called MULTIPLE times to tell you to order not too late and you yelled at me and tole me to stop calling. Beside I told (and I pointed to my brother) him to tell you I'm not ordering anymore because of your attitude."" That of course he didn't want to hear"
227,"AITA for correcting someone's English? It is not guilty conscious, it is guilty conscience. How basic are you?"
228,"AITA For walking out on my prom date? So last week I had my senior prom at high school. I took a girl I was very close with and was very excited to go. She wasn't thrilled honestly, but got into it as the night went on. In the last hour of prom, she told me she was gonna go talk to her friends ""for a few minutes."" I said ""ok"" and thought nothing of it. I didn't see her for the rest of the night until the very end when we were all going home or to our after prom plans. She also refused to do the couple's dance with me. So I was sitting in the lobby waiting for my ride when she came over to me. She didn't seem to think anything was wrong with what she did, but I was livid. I'm telling you right now, I was so mad I could barely speak to her. I didn't explain why at the time. She then went to the bathroom for a bit, but when she did, I just left and didn't say goodbye. Solely because I was feeling so hurt and I just needed to go. We didn't talk for a day. Then I texted her saying I was sorry for leaving without saying goodbye. She asked why I did that and I explained I was hurt and mad at her. She gave a halfhearted (in my opinion) apology and that was it. After that, we haven't talked much. And she mostly ignored me at our graduation. We haven't talked in close to a week by now. So reddit, am I the asshole or what?"
229,"AITA for being mad at my ex? We met online and we started developing feelings for each other. We texted everyday and we always planned on meeting up. The problem was she was always busy, or something always came up. This went on for 12 months before I called it quits. I get with someone else and contact between us stops after that. Fast forward a few years and we start casually texting. Now, I am single and she has a boyfriend. Yesterday I receive a call from her. I answer confused as to why she would call and we start having casual conversation, but she starts making the conversation about her boyfriend. She talks about how great he is and how happy they are, but then things get weird. She starts telling me how they got together. They met online like we did except this guy pretty much told her after they had been talking for two months that he was tired of waiting to meet up and he left her. He got with somebody else and she was heartbroken, but she still wanted him. They start texting and eventually he leaves his girlfriend for my ex. After that my ex says she went out to rent a hotel and visit him every weekend for a while. They eventually moved in together and have been with each other for almost 3 years now. After hearing that conversation, I was infuriated. I felt slighted. I was there for 12 months and this guy called it quits after 2? Yet he is the the one who gets to be with her. Am I the asshole for being mad about this?"
230,"AITA for offending a marine by mistake? I worked for a car repair place a long time ago and right at closing a young guy and his wife, maybe early 20's, pulled up with an overheating vehicle. The machines were down but I knew they were traveling and he said he had to be back on base the next day so I asked the mechanic if he could help them out. He was cool with it and we took their vehicle in. Turned out it was a part that we didn't have and it was too late to get one. The guy asked if he could run somewhere and get it but it was a strict policy not to install customer bought parts for liability sake. He understood but was obviously upset. His wife understood too and told him that if they got a hotel and had it fixed in the morning they could still get back no problem. I called a hotel and talked them into giving them a great rate and apologized again telling him ""once again man, I'm sorry about that. I hate seeing anyone stranded, especially a soldier who is willing to defend our country."" Shakes his hand and he said ""thanks for understanding. And by the way, I'm not a soldier, I'm a marine! I take offense to that!"" I told him I didn't mean to offend him and he said ""it's fine I guess, just don't make that mistake again."" Honestly asking, AITA?"
231,"[AITA] Am I the Asshole for telling this fucknut that if he parks this close He's going to get heinously door-dinged? (photo in text.) It was after work- a long day. I stopped at the grocers for a frozen pizza and some beer. This whole side of the parking lot was vacant when I parked. Was in the store maybe ten minutes, tops- and when I came out [this fucknut] was parked up against my driver's side door and the spot to his left was empty. I waited ten minutes, then went inside and had them page the type, color and license plate number. Ten minutes later this 20-something guy comes out. I was cool about it- I would have climbed in through the passenger side, but I have a ton of crap in my truck right now (it's my mobile office and I was picking up all kinds of stuff this afternoon) and I blew out my left knee (a recurring injury) a couple days ago, and it's just starting to get back to normal- and as far as getting in the driver's side, the new Fords the doors are pretty thick. Dud e comes out and walks towards his car. I point at his car and ask, ""Yours?"" He says yeah, and I say, ""This is a really nice little Toyota. If you park this close to people they are going to door ding the shit out of it."" He just gives me a blank look and says, ""It's cool."" There was this old couple walking out who had seen me standing there when they parked, and the old guy just laughed an nodded his head. When he backed out he did roll down his window and say sorry though- points to him for that."
232,Am I an asshole for deleting people off facebook if we haven't talked in a year? I was told this was weird/rude. I don't see the point in keeping people on a friends list if we aren't going to talk or hang out. Am I an asshole?
233,"Am i the asshole for not supporting my husband in cussing and spitting at a fast food place? On mobile, apologies. Also throwaway, as he's a Redditor. At a fast food place we get our food and a worker (maybe simple, very fat and with a fucked up grill) insisted we use an upside down highchair to put our baby's car seat on. We do it, start eating, need condiments, so I get up and accidentally run into the highchair. I would call what I did a nudge, it tips over and in a split second my husband grabs it by the handle, saving the baby from falling to the ground (at the time I was speechless, just impressed, but he's got damn good dad reflexes). I don't think the baby would have been hurt, but it would have been jarring. Everyone's frozen because of the clatter, and the first thing he does is call the woman a dumb ass, loudly, semi calmly. She's nearby and just stares at him. I'm calming the baby and he goes on, almost shouting, saying how she recommended that position and she's a dumb ass. I'm a quiet, nonconfrontational person, and I'm honestly a little horrified. The manager comes over and he tells her what happened. I think she was apologetic but trying to get him to stop yelling. He demands to-go materials, and as he's getting them a bystander is staring. He says how ya doing maam and she says not great. I'm getting the kids together, haven't said a word. He's calling her a looky lou and now they're arguing. We leave, but after he exits he changed his mind and hours back in to spit at the looky lou's feet. We get: the car and he asks how I feel, and I say I don't want him to be angry with me. Two years leak out of my eyes. He encouraged me to express my feelings, and I say I'm embarrassed and I feel bad for that woman. He does get angry at me and calls me a pussy. I say I don't understand his white hot anger, I never have. He says it feels like shit to not be understood, on top of me crying and putting up a wall between us. So, am I the asshole? Thanks, that was cathartic."
234,"Am I the asshole? Not going to my sisters wedding. Am I the asshole since I am choosing not to attend my sisters wedding? My sister and I do not get along. We rarely speak if ever and we never spend time together. The only time she contacts me is when she needs something. We have never really been close growing up. She does not treat my parents all that well either and she is marrying a guy none of us approve of, and no one really gets along with him either. She has invited me to the wedding and her and her fiance told me I was selfish and self centered for not attending. They said that this day isn't about me, but about my sister and should put my differences aside and attend. I thought it would be hypocritical and a farce for me to attend based on our relationship and lack thereof. As well as my outlook on the groom. I also figured since my parents are paying. It would be wasteful for them to also have to pay for me ...since I dont even want to attend. Am I the asshole??"
235,"[AITA] Money flew out of the deal drawer My work has a deal drawer for drive thru. If you don't put cash under the bar or deep in the drawer, it tends to fly around and sometimes out. Our drawer has a notice telling customers to put money under our metal bar. I cannot see whether customers put cash under the bar or far enough into the drawer. 99% of the time, this is not an issue. On this fateful afternoon, a customer pulls up. I tell them their total, under one dollar. So they put a dollar into the drawer, and remove their arm from the area, looking at me like they're ready for me to pull it in. As soon as I start, they say ""Wait!!"". Too late, it flew out. Customer attempts to find the dollar bill. No dice. Passenger looks at me, says ""YOU are responsible for this!"" and for the rest of the transaction, proceeds to give me a death stare. I am not permitted to cover the cost myself or ""forgive"" the cost on these products due to laws/other rules. (Not to say that I necessarily would have anyways). Perhaps I should have waited an extra 10 seconds for them to realize they needed to move the money? I don't know. I can't win-- if I wait, customers stare at me like I'm stupid. If I ask (for them to put the money under the bar), customers complain that ""they can't reach it"" or ""Oh, it's fine"" or ""Hrrrmph""."
236,"AITA for not wanting a relationship with my father So I am 17 years old and 2 months away from moving to college and basically starting my own life. Ever since I was little, I have never gotten along with my dad. We don't have the same interests, the only time we speak is if something needs to be done or if a question needs to be answered, and just never really spent time together as I was growing up unless we were forced to (family vacation, ect). We do not casually chat or have deep conversations, the only time I can think of an instance like this was when I was checked into rehab for suicidal threats where we both broke down and promised to try and fix our relationship but that didn't hold up even a week after I got out. We would always argue and disagree until it got to the point that we just started ignoring each other even when we were in the same room. I can count on my hand the amount of texts I have ever sent my dad. Since I recently graduated and my younger brother just turned 16, my dad said that he would get me a new car and pass down mine to my brother. When we were having lunch (silently) after looking at some used cars, we got into an argument that lead to screaming. He got frustrated that I would be so rude as to raise my voice when he does all these nice things for me like pay for my college and buy me a car. I am thankful for these things but afterwords he asked me if I even wanted to have a relationship with him. I honestly didn't know what to say because I knew that I do not want to have a functioning relationship with him like I do with my mother, but he said that it makes him sad because he wants to have a relationship with me more than anything. When I got home I got into my room and burst into tears because of how bad I felt for not wanting a relationship but deep down I know that the emotional scars and 17 years of disconnect has really fucked me up to a certain extent but he doesn't know as I rarely spend time with him. Am I the asshole?"
237,"AITA For not paying my ex back for a trip they paid for My ex and I took a trip. the terms were we'd split hotels and gas 50/50 and then play the rest by ear. Ex put everything on a credit card that Rich Father pays for. Afterwords, Rich Father tallied up the bill and said I owed $1,000 for the trip. Ex says, hey, i'm gonna cover some costs of meals I insisted on (and an extra night on our trip ex also insisted on) leaving me with a total balance of ~$600. We break up. Ex asks for $1,000 and ""asks"" is a polite way of saying, threatens to take me to small claims, threatens to (and performs!!!) harass my family for the one thousand dollars. AM I THE ASSHOLE IF I DON'T PAY HIM? So far, have not paid anything. Still considering paying $600 though. Also no signs of small claims court summons."
238,"[AITA] For splashing in a pool? I was at a pay-by-the-hour pool with my boyfriend. it's $5 per hour to soak in a heated pool in a hotel catering to young hipsters and families with kids. the place makes their own beer and cider, and they sell pitchers for drinking in the pool. It's a small crowd today because its so hot, me and my guy, a group of friends playing and drinking beer, and a family with several small children swimming. We're all horse playing and chatting for about 45 min when a new couple comes in. they don't have drinks, they come over to the corner of the pool we had colonized and post up about five feet away reading a paper back out loud while soaking. bf and I have been practicing hand stands and somersaults, we hardly notice them. I go for another handstand and bf pushes me over, so I stand up and splash him. The splash goes a little wide and sprinkles the new couple. The girl says ""hey, we're reading"" I said sorry and directed another smaller splash more narrowly at my bf, honestly not nearing them at all, and she again speaks up, ""Hey, we have a book. We're reading a book."" I said ok, stopped playing, and fumed for the next ten minutes until our time was up."
239,"AITA for dropping friendships. I’ll try to make this as concise and brief as I can. To begin with, I live overseas and in general I’ve been more of an individual who values strong friendships in small numbers rather than having a great number of contacts. To keep it short I befriended some new coworkers. For the most part I tried approaching the situation in clear conscience and did my best to build healthy ties, and for the most part as did the other two people. However I found that over time it started to feel like a 1 way relationships. While I was always welcoming and open with invitations for things like coffee or food they would, 95% of the time go un answered. I didn’t think much of it simply due to the fact I go for coffee and dinner on a whim quite regularly and I don’t expect people to fit my schedule, especially one that is so unplanned. That being said, after a few months of me taking time out to build a friendship I realized almost all of my invitations went unanswered. To be fair, I didn’t really bring this up and at the time it only started to crop up a bit but didn’t concern me much. Flash forward a bit and I was invited by the two coworkers for a event at a local amusement park. I said I’d come but on the actual morning I actually kind of caved. I don’t really know how to explain it but I guess the stress of constantly having to be out and involved as an introvert the previous months combined with the fact I was living in a foreign country and putting a lot of pressure on myself lead to me curled up in bed the entire day. It wasn't my proudest morning and I have to say with all the time I've spent here it was probably my weakest. In all fairness I didn’t give a warning, didn’t even check my phone, didn’t respond. I simply shut the curtains and spent the next 2 days curled up in my bed. I’m sure it was stress, I don’t really know, all I know is that it was something that happened, and I really really needed it. Of course I felt like shit about it and didn’t have the confidence to even check my phone for the two days following. When I eventually did check my phone all I saw was 2 messages, asking where I was, and if I was coming. For the record I didn’t do this for attention or any sort of affirmation or anything like that but at the same time I created a clearer picture (or so I think) of where the relationship actually stood. Following that incident, neither of them particularly acknowledged it, in turn neither did I and simply from there we went from talking normally to having no contact in the work place, in or out. This has continued to this day. Of course some other coworkers have confronted me"
240,AITA for breaking up with my girlfriend when I learned that she may have been cheating on me? Ok this happened really long back. But I just want to be sure if other people think if I'm an asshole for breaking up. We were dating for over an year. She moved to another country to study. There she met a much older guy and she claimed they're just friends. Weeks passed by when I realized she's getting closer to him and we(i and her) started getting uneasy with the normal stuff.. We started talking less and whenever we talked we always fought. I knew things were slipping outta hand. Then one day she comes on Skype telling me about a false story about her friend who cheated on her boyfriend with another guy and were also in a long distance relationship. She was doing that just to measure my reaction so that she could spill the beans later on about the fact that the much older guy and her did something after they got drunk. I was really pissed at this when I realized the gravity of the situation and just stopped talking to her completely. For a long time. We talked again after a while.. I did have feelings for her then to get back.. But she was all bitter and unrelenting. I just let it fade away as time went by. Am i the asshole?
241,"AITA for cutting my sister's dog's hair without permission? My big sis lost her apartment, so I've let her crash at my place last week. The only requirement I had was that she bathe her long-haired shih-tzu puppy and get rid of his fleas. I didn't want my dog to catch them, because flea tablets are extremely expensive. After a week of staying with me, she still hadn't done that. She kept saying ""I'm too busy with work; I'll do it tomorrow."" But when I started seeing fleas jumping around my home, I decided to take matters into my own hands. So while she was at work, I bathed her dog, cut its fur pretty short, combed the fleas out (there were hundreds), and then gave him a flea tablet recommended by my vet, purchased with my own money. His skin had sores all over from flea bites. I could tell he enjoys the short fur, since it's very hot here. She was furious when she found out. She said I had no right to touch her dog's fur without her consent. I told her she can either be grateful that I groomed her neglected dog, or she can find a new place to stay. Am I the asshole? -------------------------------------------------------------------- Edit: Many here are asking why I had to cut the dog's fur. Here's my answer from the comments: My second condition was that she get rid of the dog's fleas. I'm not sure if you've seen how long a shih-tzu's hair can grow, but it's nearly impossible to comb fleas out at full-length. Check out dog rescue videos where people take dogs off the streets and nurse them to health. Long-haired dogs are almost always shaved in order to care for their skin and rid the fleas more easily. So, tl;dr, I cut the puppy's hair so that I could care for his skin and comb the remaining fleas out."
242,"AITA for wanting to toss away this gift? Let's set the scene: MMO I've been playing for around 4 years now. It's a bit older than I've been playing and ever since I started, I've wanted this rare costume set. It was big when a little noob but I've only been able to get the necessary in game money to purchase them a year ago. They were one of the first sets to enter the game and they're next to impossible to find now. My SO's decked out in its polar opposite, same scenario. He had wanted his set ever since he started and he's been watching the market like a hawk for the pieces. I found out that he and a friend had also been watching for the pieces that I wanted. A little while previously, they had an event where you could wear the full set I wanted for a single day. I ran around in it, enjoyed it, found that I liked the look and feel of the cheap costume that I had been wearing up until then better, and generally let my craving wash away. I told my SO this, but it seems to have slipped his memory. I first realized that he and our friend were watching the market for the pieces when they rushed excitedly to me to announce that someone was selling the top part of the costume. There are 6 costume pieces and two accessory pieces. The accessories are wonderfully expensive and completely out of my price range, the top part, bottom part, gloves, and shoes are feasible. The hair part and weapon I never expected to get. I never planned to wear the set unless I had the weapon part or else it would break up the current set that I have. All in all, I considered it a pointless endeavor. When my SO came to tell me about the piece on sale, I told him to forget about it. I didn't have enough money at the time to buy it anyway, but he did. He told me over and over to get one but I refused. Eventually after I had gone to sleep for the night, he logged onto my account, transferred the money, and bought the item. I thought, what the hell, might as well go for it now. We managed to get the gloves and shoes, but his enthusiasm dropped after that. He used to watch the board constantly for it, but now doesn't care about it at all and I learned from others that the bottom part had come for sale but it was long gone. I searched halfheartedly on my own with no luck. Now a new costume set has come and I want to attempt obtaining, but when I mentioned to my SO that I wanted to sell the costume he got for me to get it, he got upset. I told him that I hadn't wanted that costume before he got it for me nor did I want it afterwards. He had been the one truly"
243,"Recycling books easily accessible for free I'm vehemently opposed to book burning to the point that I've owned 4 booked for over 10 years I refused to get rid of and no one wanted. I thought it would make sense to take them to goodwill, however recently decided the mass publication made no difference (these are easily accessible for free to those who want them). Would I be an asshole for simply recycling them since that was my original intention if anyone would have taken them?"
244,"AITA for not apologising to my dad for what I said in a fight? So a few weeks ago, my dad was yelling at my mum for putting too much cabbage on his plate at dinner time. He said something about it not having to do with that specifically but 'the way he gets treated'. He was mad, like real mad, and kept shouting shit. I should note at this point my dad has been under a lot of stress with his business failing, and usually he is extremely well mannered and helps out a lot in the house, this case is the only time in my life I've seen him this crazy, and I attribute it to the stress. Anyway I call him out on this and tell him to ""shut the fuck"" up and to sit down and eat his meal. He quips back that I should ""mind my own fucking business"". I stand up for myself and my mum and sister who are being shouted at, then he walks over to me like he wants to start a fight. Again I stand up for myself, and when he gets too close to me I shove him back. He's not a threat to me, he's like 5'7"" and I'm 6'2"", but at this point my mum seperates us and tells us to stop. We continually exchange pleasantries and I call him out about what a dick he's being, using colourful language. Well since then he didn't say a word to me or my sister for 3 weeks, no eye contact, not one word. It doesn't phase me, I like to be left alone at home anyhow and I work/study quite a bit. Last night he finally broke his silence and asked me if we were going to 'resolve our differences'. I said sure. He quickly mumbled his apology and I said ""I accept your apology, I'm ready to move on from it"". This is the part where I could have apologised, but the thing is, I'm not sorry, not one bit. I said to him, ""if you acted like that again I would have had the exact same reaction and I don't make any apologies for how I reacted to your behaviour"". He looked at me, puffed his breath and returned his gaze to the TV. He hasn't spoken to me since. Sorry for the long post. Should I apologise even though I don't mean it or am I being an asshole? I should reiterate, my dad's a good hardworking guy, and this whole thing is a result of the stress he's under from his business, but he's lost a lot of my respect the last 3 weeks. I'm willing to move on from this but I don't want to apologise, because I wouldn't mean it."
245,"[AITA] For not inviting her? Okay not much of a text poster but with this I'm genuinely curious so I'll take a crack at it... I do crew (rowing) and we're a co-ed team so both boys and girls practice law overlap... There is this one girl on the team... We can call her Becky. Now Becky and I have been friends since before each of us joined the team, however Becky has one flaw, she is a flirtatious person. I know that might not seem so bad but in this case yes, Becky flirts with everyone and I mean everyone on our boys team (myself included) now Becky claims to actually like like me which I'm not that comfortable with seeing her flirt with others and even more, if you catch my drift. But none the less we are somewhat friends. If we can flashback to spring break real quick Becky throws a party while her parents are out of town and a big one at that. One of which I was informed NOTHING about but hey it's her party (she hooked up with 2 guys I heard) she can do what she wants. And fast forward up to last weekend I decide to have my own little part about 30 people or so, while I'm going over the guest list I find it in my best interest to not invite Becky, 1. She's a handful sober I doubt I can handle a not sober one and 2. She has problems with other people I invited. Now we are at today I hear a lot of people telling me Becky texted them asking why I didn't invite her and that she was really upset, when I try to talk to her today she flat out ignores me and blows me off... Like what? That's rather hypocritical for one I believe, it's a two way road Becky, right?"
246,"AITA for not using my father as my real estate agent? My father has been a real estate agent for about 8 years (his new career after selling his company and retiring). In the past, whenever we spoke, he was always out doing open houses, etc. But he hasn't seemed very active with it lately. (Granted, I never asked him if he was still actively selling real estate.) &nbsp; The issue: I recently sold my house. My fiancé and I did not want to use my dad as my real estate agent for various reasons (listed below). I was uncomfortable telling my dad upfront (again, I have my reasons) so I kind of avoided the whole situation. &nbsp; We listed the house and sold it within 8 days. My father found out after the fact and called me about it. Conversation went like this: &nbsp; Dad: ""You already sold your house?"" &nbsp; Me: ""Yes, dad. Remember, I mentioned it a few months ago that we'd be selling the place?"" &nbsp; Dad: ""Yeah, I assumed you were going to use me as your agent. You know what? **You’re dead to me!**"" &nbsp; Me: ""What?! Dad, c'mon! We decided to use Juan's (my fiancé’s) friend who gave us a break on the commission. &nbsp; Dad: ""I already told all my friends that I was going to help my daughter sell her place. You can never count on your family and friends when you need them! I gotta go."" &nbsp; And he hung up on me. We haven't spoken in almost two months. &nbsp; He literally said the words, ""You're dead to me"". I was so hurt! But I refuse to be the one to reach out first, since I'm “dead” in his eyes. Plus, I don't think I've done anything wrong. I feel that what I do with my house and my finances is my business. &nbsp; I spoke to my younger half-sister about what happened. She couldn’t believe he would say something like that. She spoke to my dad and he confirmed it. He also confirmed that he was upset about the money (the money he would have made with the commission). &nbsp; Reasons I didn’t want to use my dad: I used my dad as my agent when I bought my place 7 years ago. He made his full commission off of me, which is fine (I guess). Although, I know if my mother were the agent, she wouldn’t have wanted to make any money off of me. Anyway, my father treated me like I received the family discount instead of as a real client. He wasn’t responsive and I felt like I couldn’t really ask all the questions that I would normally ask another agent. Plus, my father lives 40 miles away and doesn’t really know the neighborhood and area like a local agent would. The agent we ended up using this time around was awesome! The commission was discounted (used Redfin) and he knew his stuff! &nbsp; A little more background: My parents divorced when I was 4 and I’ve"
247,"AmItheAsshole: I never listen to voicemails I delete my voicemails without listening to them, ami the asshole or is this becoming a norm"
248,"AITA for not refunding a large tip to a second party? I'm really glad I've found this sub as this particular situation has stuck with me for a while. I've told friends and colleagues the story while asking them if I was in the wrong or not, 100% have been on my side, however I think some may just be being kind. I need some strangers to tell it like it is. I'm a taxi driver. A middle aged man approached my window and asked if I could take his three companions to a local hotel. They were younger than him and from the way they were talking sounded like they may have been his employees. When I agreed he asked the price, £3.50 (very short journey). He handed me a £20 note, asked me to take care of them and walked away without another word. I drove them to the hotel, full of glee at my 600% tip. You may now see where this is going. I pulled up at the hotel, said my goodbyes and waited for the three to climb out. After a short pause one of the three asked for the change. Now, I'm quite an agreeable fellow, I'm very polite and do my job well. I would rather be slightly out of pocket to help keep the peace in any other situation, but in my opinion this was my money, given to me with no further instructions to pass it on to anyone else. If the paying gentlemen wanted me to give the change to his companions he should have made it clear, when someone gives a person in the service industry a note and then walks away, that's language for 'this is your tip'. Anyway, I told the young man that there was no change, there were no instructions to give the change to him. A ten minute stand off ensued, during which they tried to phone the paying guy. I told them that if he said to give them the change I gladly would, but in the end they couldn't reach him. All three of them were visibly aghast at the stance I was taking, it culminated with them all at my window, the girl in the group screaming at me to give them the money. No, it was my money, not theirs. They asked for a receipt which I gave them, writing '£20 received, with thanks' (ok, I'm definitely an asshole for that, but I was really wound up by this point). They left, very angry. I expected to get a call from my office, our number was on the card, but I never heard anything else about it. As this was all happening I wasn't completely sure I was in the right, but I felt it was a matter of principle and dug my heels in. It has haunted me slightly ever since. I hope I have explained everything well enough for you to decide if I'm a complete asshole or not, any questions welcomed."
249,"Am I the Asshole: I use disabled bathrooms regularly. Am I the asshole? In my opinion, there is nothing wrong with an able-bodied person using a disabled bathroom if the other bathroom is occupied. Disabled people are absolutely entitled to a bathroom with special facilities that help them with their issues. The handrails, extra space, etc etc. But I don't see anything inherent in a disability that warrants *immediate* access to bathrooms such that others should avoid using them so that they are always vacant. As long as a disabled person has the ability to use a bathroom with the facilities they require, I don't think they need to be able to use it immediately."
250,"Aita or Awbta? Today I was walking home from work and ended up playing a slow speed fame of chicken. The Scenario: I was walking about 1' away from the right edge of a nearly empty sidewalk with nobody behind me(reverse commute) approaching a loose cluster of about five people walking the opposite direction. None of the cluster were talking to each other or walking side by side so they were all independent travelers. One person, at the head of the group was walking on the left side of the sidewalk about 6"" from the edge. The Event: I dodge right, they dodge left. I dodge right, they dodge left. I take a step off the sidewalk, we strike a glancing blow, shoulder to chest."
251,"AITA for disagreeing with my (ex) girlfriend when she says she still considers herself a virgin after we've done it many times? I'm 16 my girl is 15 and a half and she broke up with me on Monday because she didn't want to be in the relationship anymore & she didn't really like me anymore. I'm a pretty laid back dude so I didn't try to direct my anger towards her or anything, I said it's all good and I respect her decision, blah blah. Anyway, yesterday we were talking on the phone discussing our feelings and she was all pissy and she said she will still consider herself a virgin. That blew me up because I mean really? I told this guy I loved him and had sex with him multiple times and now because my feelings changed im going to be in denial. That didn't make sense to me and she so I got a little angry and she called me an asshole for not respecting her decisions. I do respect her as a person but that's just a little mean to me. I know she's young and confused but still. Am I really the asshole as she says? Edit (more background): We had been together for 4 months when we first did it. 6 months when she broke up with me."
252,"AITA: for beating her at her own game? I was dating this girl last semester, very smart, self-described anti-romantic, radical feminist. So the last two things I wasn't a big fan of. It was very stimulating conversation in the beginning but very quickly devolved into massive ideological and political arguments daily. We talked about commitment and decided no. She very quickly proposed an open relationship which I said no but it didn't matter because it was ""her body"" and she could do whatever she wanted. Which while I don't totally disagree I think it's a horribly shitty attitude especially if you're considering taking someone seriously ever. So this opens up a whole new can of worms and we are arguing every day about her right to have sex with other men and not tell me about it. So I finally concede and say doesn't matter but if she gets involved with someone else she needs to tell me so I can leave because Im not interested in having that in my relationship. She agrees. Another important note about this is that I could never really tell if she had any serious interest in me because she hated romance and gestures. We got in an argument because I got her flowers once. Some time goes by and a girl I used to know starts talking to me. I figure things aren't really going smooth with girl 1 so I'll tell her and maybe end it. As soon as there is any hint of this becoming romantic I go to tell the girl Im dating. She is crushed. She won't talk to me. She calls me a hypocrite. She's crying, a couple days later we break up and it seems fine and I date girl number 2. Originally I thought we broke up because of all the arguments I never made the connection. But I come to find out that we broke up because she was upset that I held her to the standard that I didn't comply to. But I tell her that argument is bull because as soon as the other girl came around I told her just like I expected her to tell me and she fought me tooth and nail about how I ""threatened to leave if she did"". I just don't think that's fair. She had the right to leave too. And she did. So I like to think she's mad because I got a new girl before she could get a new guy. So am I the asshole?"
253,"AITA For leaving a startup with friends for academic interests? We started working on the project - a software system - almost two years ago. Yet the release seems a long way, it'll take at least six more months to make it public. I'm leading the technology, and if I leave, they'll either have to get someone more expensive to handle the technicals, or shut the project down. Shutting down though, I believe, would be in my friends' favor because the whole affair looks a lot as if it'll go down the tubes if something isn't done. My academic interest though rose after I joined the team, but it was because of other things I was into, not stemming from the project itself. But now, I have reached a point that I just cannot concentrate on the problems of the project any more, it's very difficult to keep track of both studies and work; so I just study, even in the office. This looks outright assholic, but that's that. And to make things worse, I cannot deal with the management any more. With other innumerable things going wrong with startups in general - overall low skill-set, unclear requirements, not enough people, unwilling investor etc., the situation looks dire, for me at least. Up front, this doesn't look assholic, but I doubt that because almost all of the technical decisions for the software(the design goals, principles, architecture) came from me, and everything was as ambitious as the project's vision(which didn't come from us). I could hardly be proud of it because I've created a mess, something which will take a lot of effort to clean. I'm of a belief that I'm obligated to clean and set things right because I created the whole mess. But now it looks as if I'll have to give up my research dream. I stayed back for more than one year believing that maybe I'll set things up and take a leave, but it looks like it'll never end. I want to leave at any rate. I can't stand it anymore! Will I be counted an asshole? Edits: General clean up(inspired by DrProbably's posts below) without altering the original essence."
254,"AITA for cutting off contact with a friend for this? Context: she and I were very good friends for the last 2 years of high school and about a year post-graduation. We did everything together. However, I have [Schizotypal Personality Disorder] which (among other things) makes me read way too far into meaningless events and actions. I've been extremely careful to reign in my thought processes and try to deal with my anxiety in a proper and healthy way, but I often don't know if I'm doing it properly. A few months after graduation, I start catching her in small lies to avoid me. Things like ""I'm too busy to go shopping or hang out,"" then I see her where I asked her to go while she was supposed to be busy. She always had an excuse, but ""I'm going to lie and say I'm busy so I can do what you want to do with a different group of people and not invite you"" never sat well with me. The final straw was her birthday. For my birthday, a bunch of friends and I went out to dinner and she covered my part of the bill. It was a fun night for all. A few months later, after the whole lying paragraph above was in full swing, her birthday was coming up. I told her I wanted to return the favor and treat her to her favorite restaurant on her birthday along with some friends. She said she couldn't do it because she had to work. ""Oh, it must suck to work on your birthday,"" I thought, so I bought her a gift card to where we were going to go that night, put it in a birthday card, and went to where she worked (she was a cashier, so it would be easy to see her while she was working). I figured a small gift and a friendly face would make working on your birthday a little less shitty. But when I get there, she's not there. She was never scheduled to work that day. I see on Facebook the next day that she had, in fact, gone out to dinner. I was, predictably, not invited. She knew I was upset, because she attempted to apologize, but I refused to listen. It's been about two years now and I've refused to talk to her. She calls or texts me every once in a while, wishes me happy birthday on Facebook and the like, but I've completely removed her from my life. Should I have given her a greater benefit of the doubt, or did I do the right thing?"
255,"AITA Not attending my cousin's wedding? A little bit of backstory here. I come from a very large, blended family. I have more cousins than I can count, and as a result unfortunately many of us generally close in age have formed ""cliques"" in a way. It's not that I dislike my family, just that I have a whole lot of it and there are only so many hours in the week. So around July last year my cousin tells me at a gathering she's getting married, and that she isn't sure if she will be able to invite everyone, because like I said before, huge family. I tell her just let me know and congratulations. Fast forward to a couple months ago and I get my invitation. I notified her that I wouldn't be attending. Now I won't be going because of the following: 1. I work a lot. Like, as in 6 days a week, usually 55-60 hours at the least. I work the day of her wedding and it's a long hike from work. 2. I wasn't given a guest +1 for the event, despite the fact that my girlfriend and I have been seeing each other as long as she's been seeing this guy. (Not that she moved fast or anything.) 3. My previously mentioned girlfriend works in the airline industry and I haven't seen her in about 10 days. She'll be flying back in on the evening of the wedding (which again she wasn't invited to.) 4. Her and I have never been particularly close. We're friends on Facebook and all but I don't even have her number. She's from one of the other ""cliques,"" I suppose. When she notified me I wouldn't be receiving a guest for the reception, she did so via Facebook message. 5. Her mom, who is my aunt, have a lot of bad blood. Long story I won't get into here. So as soon as my mom and dad find out about the whole ordeal of me not going I'm an asshole and this is the reason us cousins aren't close, and blah blah blah. I'm not going either way, I just wanted this subs input."
256,"AITA for calling him an asshole? It was my birthday dinner. Me, my SO, and our two friends caught a cab to the restaurant together, and planned to return home together. One friend was staying with me and SO, and the other friend lives in our suburb. We meet up with all my other guests at the restaurant, and we all proceed to have a great time. One of the friends who came in the cab with us ends up getting drunk and flirting outrageously with another friend. It comes time to go home. The two friends who are flirting decide to stay out alone together to get 'one last drink' together. Wink wink nudge nudge. Me, my SO and the other friend hail a cab and we get in and head home. This is when our friend in the cab starts having a real go at the friend who hooked up. I jump to the friends defence, because frankly, grown-ups are allowed to do what they want and I thought it was nice that two of my friends were maybe interested in each other. But cab friend is adamant that we'd been ditched by our friend and that this was terrible etiquette. He said that because we all had a plan to come back in a cab together, then you follow that plan, no matter what. And he would not let it drop. He went on and on and on about it, even after we had arrived home (remember, he's staying as a guest with me and SO). By now I am cross as he was ruining what had been an otherwise fun night. I defended the friend who stayed out to the death. I told our friend that he was being an asshole, and I just walked out and went to bed. AITA for calling him an asshole, or is there genuinely some sort of etiquette that I have never heard of at play here?"
257,"AITA: My friends told me to tell them what i disliked about them, so i did. This happened quite a while ago, but it's been nagging my mind for a while recently, so i'd like to get some closure on it. Ok, so i'm in this group chat with my friends (3 girls, 2 guys including me) and we're talking about the truth, and how they thought that the truth is always the best option. They were always pretty happy go lucky, so i kind of made it my job to bring them back down to earth every so often, when needed. So i took the stance that sometimes you just need to keep your mouth shut for the greater good. That white lies are what makes the world spin smoothly, so that friendships, relationships and the like aren't destroyed. They asked for an example, and i said that there were things about all of them that got on my nerves, but i didn't say anything because i knew that they would get offended. I'm sure you can agree, no matter your bond with someone, there is always something you dislike about them, but you don't say anything about it. Anyway, they said that i should tell them, since they wouldn't get offended, but i tried to protest, stating that it seriously just wasn't a good idea to risk it, and that i shouldn't have brought it up. But they kept on pestering me to tell them: ""Tell us what you really think about us!"" I can understand why, since i'd want to know as well, but i don't think i should have caved to their desires. So i just kind of got it over with. I told one that i thought that she was shallow, only thinking about material things, i told another that she like to attention seek, i told the guy that he was self-centered, etc etc. I guess that when they asked me to tell them ""what i really thought about them"", they wanted to be surprised with nice and thoughtful remarks. But i told them the truth. They weren't happy with it saying that i was being unnecessarily mean and cruel, and kicked me. My friendship with them never survived. I clearly remember stating that they wouldn't be able to take it, and that our friendship would never be the same, multiple times. I may have been correct, but Am I The Asshole for doing what they told me to do, even after i warned them continually? **TLDR: Friends told me to tell them what i disliked about them, so i did. They thought i was being mean, so kicked me out of the group, AITA?**"
258,"AITA for this work situation? I came into work (retail) a few days ago and my front runner (who helps run the customer service desks and tills) asked me if, when we were quiet, we could have a chat. Immediately I began to think that something was the matter. Skip forward to a couple of hours later and we finally got to the chat. It turned out that another of the customer service team, a girl I'll call Danijela, had put a complaint in about me about a shift from last week. You'll need some background about this bit: I'd gotten to the end of my shift and Danijela had come down, as her shift was beginning. A customer came over to the desk to collect some ordered items and I found the paperwork in our folders, and gave to Daniejla and asked her if she could deal with it. She made **no** objection to doing so and so I left, thinking it was all sorted and I could go home and get on with my life. Apparently the complaint was that I'd dumped everything on her when she'd only got down there. However I had a couple of objections: * At the time this whole thing happened, Danijela made no attempt to object to what was essentially a polite request. All she had to do was say ""oh, can you deal with this please?"" if she did, and she made no attempt. * It took her **5 days** to make the complaint. Fair enough, I could understand it if she'd taken 1-2 days, or even 3, but after almost a week, my view was, and is, that it can't have been so important. * I'm dealing with someone who is essentially a grown adult, not some kid- Danijela could have come to me, and she knows this, spoken to me, had a conversation like a grown-up and we could have sorted things out like two perfectly reasonable adults. I would actually have had more respect for her if she'd done so rather than hiding behind someone else's skirt. What rubbed me up even more was that in between the incident and complaint, Danijela had been on the tills with me and had been perfectly fine with me, as well as having ample opportunity for private conversation. So, AITA?"
259,"Aita: because I went off on a guy that kept.poking me with a pool stick. I went out with my friend to a bar and there were people playing pool. One of the guys kept trying to show off and predict were the ball was going to go in next, of course failing. So I laughed. I mean it was funny because he was so sure about himself yet applied no science at all to the game. Later he started to poke me with the other end of the pool stick and the first three times I played it off as I was on his way but the third time I told him to fuck off and to not touch me again. I don't know why but now I feel like I was an asshole =/."
260,"AITA: my girlfriend is being very needy, and I'm trying to study for finals tomorrow on Tuesday I have finals tomorrow and Tuesday. My girlfriend keeps texting me about onsets of sadness from books she is reading, to stuff going on, and trying to have full on discussions. I can't afford this time to participate. I'm not super experienced on relationships, and I know it is my job to be supportive, but I honestly don't know what she wants. She's driving me fucking nuts! I'm trying to focus, and her acting needy is driving me crazy."
261,"AITA: My dad drank a beer while driving my truck and left the can in there, and I got mad at him. My family only has two vehicles, my truck and my parent's. My mom usually drives their truck to work and my dad drives mine. So I rarely drive anywhere, but I usually don't care since I tend to stay at home. But today, I was running to town and saw a beer can in my floorboard. I asked him about it, and he acted nonchalant, saying, ""I wasn't drunk, it was only one. And I pay the insurance on it, not you."" This was followed by my mom mentioning how I drove home from a party a few months back piss drunk. I fucked up back then, and I knew I did. I haven't even drank since then. So, am I the asshole for getting mad at him?"
262,"AITA for thinking ""white trash"" is a racist term? Lemme start this off by saying that I'm not racist so any terms that get used that might be considered offensive are just being used as examples. I love and hate all races equally. All of humanity is garbage. Anyhow, on to the matter at hand. I believe the term ""white trash"" is inherently racist to all races *except* white people. I think using the term is actually pretty awful once you realize what you're saying. With all other racist terms, the hate is built right in. You don't say ""black nigger"" or ""mexican spic"". So why the extra qualifier in ""white trash""? Well, because the term supposes that everyone assumes white people *aren't* trash inherently and that this term is for special exceptions. I don't think people who use the term are racist necessarily, but I don't think they realize what they're actually implying by using the term. Whenever I try to point this out to people, no one is able to follow what I mean or they just don't like the implication. I've never heard any cogent arguments *against* my point, but whenever I bring it up it automatically pisses off everyone in the discussion. Why? Am I really an asshole for thinking this? Is there something obvious I'm overlooking here or do they just want to use the term and not feel weird about it? Help me out here! [Mods, feel free to remove this if the discussion is too broad. I realize I don't have a specific event to discuss.]"
263,"AITA for wanting to move out? I live in a small town in the South with my mother. I absolutely despise it. Too many racists, homophobes, and other assholes, not to mention it's very hot and full of bible thumpers. I'm planning on moving to New York, which my mom thinks is a terrible idea. She says that the weather up there is terrible (not as terrible as it is where I live, SO FREAKING HOT) and some other things to try to convince me to stay, including that I'm 'ditching' her. but the best (or worst) of all was when I told her that I was bored here and wanted some big city excitement, to which she replied, ""9/11. There's some big city excitement."" Am I the asshole for wanting to move?"
264,"AITA for calling the police in a hypothetical murder situation? Today a buddy of mine called me up and told me he gotten me a gift and that we should get dinner; he brought his girlfriend, who'd dated for a while and am still friends with. We go to the outdoor patio of a coffee place and he shows me the gift: a pipe, some tobacco and matches. While he's showing me to smoke the pipe, his girlfriend mentions that she occasionally smokes cigarettes, and he's bewildered because she'd told him she didn't like smoking. She says that she doesn't, but she's mainly a social smoker. He gets mad that she lied to him, and they leave a few minutes later. I stay for a bit, finish the tobacco that's in the pipe, and leave. Getting into my car, I get a call from him. He'd said that they might come back later, so this isn't *too* unexpected. I answer, and he asks me where I am in a panicked voice. He sounds like he's freaking out, and I'm thinking that they've broken up or something. I tell him to calm down and tell me what's up, he screams into the phone, breathes a bit, and then says that he's got a dead body in the car. That they started arguing and he stabbed her. At this point, I start panicking. Telling him that he fucked up, that I don't know what the fuck to do, this whole time I'm asking him if he's fucking with he or not, he insists that he's serious. After a good five minutes, he starts laughing. It was a joke, she's there with him, the patched things up. I call him a dick, laugh a bit, and tell him that I was literally a couple seconds from hanging up and calling the cops. At this point he gets mad that I wasn't gonna help him get rid of the body, says that he would have helped me, etc. Even *she* takes his side, insisting that she ""wouldn't want revenge if he did kill her"" and that calling the police would make me ""a dick and a pussy at the same time."" He sounds like he's honestly hurt and betrayed. I'm bewildered right now. Hell, I wouldn't be surprised if they were pulling another one. But just in case; am I the asshole?"
265,"AITA: getting mad at my s.o. ? Okay, so, **tl;dr** - got pissed at my s.o. for doing (in my opinion) stupid shit (Listed as they happen by days) **MONDAY** - I was upset and stressed out by my family and I am pretty sure that I told s.o. about being annoyed. Not so long after telling them that, they bring up something that was kinda touchy for me. They tell me they are deciding to go to bible camp for a week with their aunt, uncle, and cousins. S.o. isn't even religious, and also has told me they find this aunt and cousins to be very annoying, yet, s.o. chooses to go with them instead of the option to stay home. This option was perfectly do-able, and not to mention they will be gone the week after bible camp also, so 2 weeks in a row. **TUESDAY(TODAY)** - Not as annoyed by the choice of ditching me anymore, but still a tad upset (note: I told them that I was upset by it, is not like I kept it locked up). I had been yelled at by my mother this morning for dumb reasons, which I told s.o. about. Fast forward to about 11:00 during finals break period, we get in their car and drive around. I get nervous in cars (for an unknown reason) and I tell them to slow down, drive more carefully, etc. Anyways, we're driving to my house and they decide it's funny to watch me freak out due to them driving on the *wrong side of the road*. This road we were on is also pretty dangerous, which I voiced to them, only to be laughed at and then told theres no yellow lines, thus they can drive whichever side they want. This road is really freaking dangerous, there's a hill you go up and cannot see the other side... So if you are being an idiot, and the other person is driving a bit fast, you are going to crash - guaranteed. I got mad, told them to not do it again, which, of course, they did it again, not even a minute after. Same kind of scenario - someone whips around the corner, and if you are even just a bit too close... Ka-plooie! You are bug guts! I've almost gotten hit just walking on this other road, and this is when walking on the correct side of the street, AND no where near the middle! 15 or so minutes later, we are retuning to school and we nearly crash. They claim it was fine and that there was no chance and that even if we did, it was the other persons fault. But, hey I'm old enough to know that we are abOUT TO FUCKING CRASH. It's not hard to see a car head on in front of you. I got pissed about this, smaller their arm when we were safe in the parking lot. I continued to be annoyed and expressed that if they were going to drive like that, that I"
266,"AITA for not going to my cousins wedding dress fitting? My cousin is getting married in 2 months, and wants me to go to the dress fitting. She went to my dress fitting 3 years ago, and I do want to go to hers. The only difference is she is a 6 hour drive away now, during my wedding she only had to travel 2 hours. I told her if she would meet me at the same place I went to I would go (2 hours for me, 4 hours for her), but she said no and she already had a place near her home picked out. She was the maid of honor at my wedding, and helped out with everything a lot. I don't want to let her down, because she would have to do the fitting alone or with her fiancé. I just feel like that's to far to travel for a fitting. I Mean I will still go to the wedding in two months. I did tell her to send pictures though so I can at least help that way."
267,"AITA for not wanting to cover a coworkers shift I'm pretty confident I'm not but what's got me here is the reaction of other people I work with. Our story begins during dinner. I get a text from a coworker asking if I can cover their shift tomorrow because they have a job interview. Normally this wouldn't be a problem but I had plans and it's my only day off for the week. I text her back saying I'd really rather not do it because I have plans and ask her to try someone else. After a brief time she says no one else can do it. I check the roster and discover she has Friday off so I reply to her saying ""I'll have to cancel my plans to do this and I'm not very happy about you just assuming I'd do this for you when you're free the very next day."" Anytime I've had an interview or whatever else I've always made sure to schedule it for a day off because my job is my responsibility to take care of, right? I've never had an interviewer have a problem with this. So she texts me back acting like I'm the asshole in this situation. I was pretty confused by this so I ran it past a couple of my other coworkers and they both pretty much said ""Why didn't you just do it?"" I mean like... How am I the dick here? And just as a little bit of icing on the cake. I'm driving my mother to the airport on friday morning before work. It's gonna take about 3 and a half hours there and back and I'm still showing up for my 9am start. Edit: Stupid mistakes"
268,"[AITA] Deport Abusive Wife who (apparently) married me only for a green card..? Hello Reddit... I'm going through a separation with a woman who turned out to be a bitch and didn't really show her true colors until she landed a job. We got married abroad (international relationship). We came back to Canada last summer, she got her spouse visa in the fall, and she got a job in spring. Then right after she got the job, she wants a separation.. ""to get to know herself better or some BS"" Now she's been freaking out and going over the top. She's really shown her true colors. I see her on friday before work, then not again until sunday night. I'm fucking sick of this shit. Now, the part that may give me power/make me an asshole. A part of her visa stipulates that we MUST live together for 2 years after arriving (and getting her Visa) it's hasn't even been a year. I don't think she knows this. I told her well before we came to Canada, maybe she forgot. If I report her (or anyone does) she risks losing her VISA and getting deported back to her home country. BUT, On the other hand, if I DON'T report her or whatever, I am financially responsible for her for 3 years (which would make sense for a happily married couple..) but I don't want to be in that position. We haven't even been married for 2 years yet. So, I'm all for the divorce. She's a bitch, she's trying to ruin my life now, and I (at the very least) don't want to be on the hook for this woman... What do!?! [EDIT] It seems there are some comments that I haven't painted the whole picture, and that may be true indeed. But I didn't want to write my memoirs on here. I tried to give the basics without going into too much detail. Basically, our relationship started out with a lot of trust issues. Communication was always a bit of a problem, seeing we we had different first languages. She lied to me about seeing a guy at a bar, it was innocent, but the fact she had to lie and never apologized about it was rather disappointing. Fast forward, we get married (things are not perfect, but no signs of major cracks) She stops having sex with me (this was the reason for this throwaway account.. i was lurking on /r/deadbedrooms), doing basic chores, just 'existing' but all the while critizising me. I suggest we go to counseling (for the third time. when I brought it up before she was aggressive and hesitant but claimed that she willing to go so long as I did all the leg work (basically she said she'd show up). We did go (after arriving in Canada), showed no willingness to work together and try. She refused to communicate with me, tell me what she is feeling. She says she wants to stop wearing her wedding ring (now that she finally found a job). She"
269,"AITA for not saying goodbye to my ex? Hey guys, a few weeks ago my then-gf confessed that she cheated on me (repeatedly). At first I thought we could make it work, but soon realized that it was hopeless, so I broke up with her. She's been very apologetic and trying almost everything to keep some kind of contact with me. At first, I agreed but later changed my mind after truly thinking about what I want. We decided to keep living together for a little longer because she was already applying for a job in a different city and would move out soon anyway. These last weeks have been tough for me because I didn't want to see her face anymore and still had to every day. I'm so happy that she's finally moving out next week. She told me the day she will move and I'm considering just going to a friend's place after work so I won't be there when she leaves. I know that she expects some kind of goodbye, one last hug or anything but I really don't want that. I just want to go on with my life and never see her again. Am I the asshole if I just stay at a friend's place that day and don't come home to say goodbye? We've been living together for 6 years and became a couple for the last 4.5 years."
270,"AITA for not tolerating a ""social justice warrior""? There is one guy (Let's call him 'Fred') who likes one of my friends and sometimes hangs out with us. Fred is insufferable. He is a self-proclaimed 'social justice warrior' and is 'triggered' by EVERYTHING. He is civil to all of my friends, but he hates me for some reason. He has called me a 'despicable monster' for eating veal, and went on a tirade about how cruel the veal industry is and how everyone who's not a vegetarian hates animals. My friends and I all are into fandoms (specifically Doctor Who and Homestuck), and so is Fred. Whenever I talk about ships I don't like, Fred says something along the lines of ""People take that ship very seriously. You really shouldn't talk about it like that.'' He is hindering my ability to converse freely with my friends. The last straw was when Fred insulted me for being born without a sense of smell. My friends were complaining about a bad smell in the room, and I jokingly said that they were 'triggering' me. Fred LOST IT. He started yelling about how that's not a real disability and that I am very privileged to not be blind or deaf or something more severe. I told him that even if it doesn't significantly affect my life, I am still MISSING A FREAKING SENSE! Fred wouldn't take any of that. He started SCREAMING about how I'm SO PRIVILEGED TO BE WHITE and some other shenanigans. I was so pissed off, I told my friends I wouldn't be seeing them anymore unless Fred left. He hasn't. I haven't seen my friends in week because of this. We still communicate, but I would like see them in person again without this asshole. Am I the asshole for not tolerating Fred?"
271,"AITA for wanting to do what I want for my birthday celebration? For my birthday this year I wanted to have a big night out on the town, get a group of my friends together go drinking, dancing etc. Some people couldn’t make it, fair enough real life gets in the way sometimes. After some drop outs there’s about 6 of us planning to go. A couple of days before, one of my friends tells me she doesn’t really want to clubbing and would rather have a quiet night at a pub. I tell her multiple times that it’s my birthday I’d rather do what I want to do. Eventually she relents. So I think okay good, she might go home a little earlier but at least she came out. The day in question rolls around, and two more people have dropped out, and the other three have decided (without telling me mind) that they’re going to the pub instead. So I think what the hell, its my birthday why can’t we do what I want to do?! Well after some back and forth with the aforementioned friend, she tells me it isn’t about where you go it’s who you’re with, and you can still have a good time. I get that but the point is that it’s my birthday, why can’t we do what I want to do. I ask them this. And I get told ‘Just shut up, stop overreacting’. In my mind this is completely unfair for me and totally asshole behaviour on their part yet they’re making out like I'm the bad guy for complaining. Well turns out a couple other friends who were initially not able to go, changed their plans and want to go out to town after all. Well obviously I’m going to go with them. However the other group are now telling me that I’m ditching them and an asshole for it. So am I the asshole for doing what I wanted to do originally for my own birthday??!!"
272,"AITA for not really caring about mass shootings? I guess it sounds kind of mean, but I live in the US and it seems like some wack-o goes in and kills a bunch of people twice a week and then the same chain of events follow every single time. The news is dominated by how this person was (obviously) mentally-ill and usually had past events that should have warned people. Then we have to deal with the inevitable gun debate that follows with assholes in the NRA saying that if we just gave everyone a gun this would magically solve itself and then assholes on the left say that if we banned guns like they did in England/Australia that mass shootings would suddenly stop because the US is the exact same as those countries and banning guns would totally work. Then, people who went to high school/worked with him 20+ years ago/lived on the same street as him when we was 5 have to get their 15 minutes of fame and milk it by talking about it so many times. I don't know, maybe it makes me an asshole for not caring less every time I hear about, but it really just doesn't affect me positively or negatively. It isn't like I'm not capable of caring about people, but I've never given a shit about the abused animals, starving children, or victims of crimes you just randomly see on TV, while most people seem to care at least somewhat. Does this make me an asshole?"
273,"Am I the Asshole for not wanting to play nice with my Mother in Law on my Birthday? This woman has been nothing but horrible to me all 13 years I have been with her son. She recently had a big fight with him after she offered to take the girls for a couple of hours so we could do lunch together on my birthday and then cancelled the next day because she had plans (which apparently is going somewhere to pick out plants, and that can't wait another minute). She is always disrespectful to me, claims we use her grandchildren against her (we never have, no matter how much she angers me, she doesn't see them because she doesn't make the time). My husband expects me to go downstairs, smile and accept a birthday gift from her after she has been talking shit about me all week. I am not supposed to know about any of it, but even if I didn't, she has been incredibly rude to me for a long time. I don't want to put up with her. I really don't have it in me when she has been so awful, especially lately. She wants to see the kids, fine. I don't even want her into my house. I don't want a damn thing from her. To top it all off, I am experiencing vertigo for the first time in my life. I don't have the ability to handle her right now. I usually shut up and just put up with her, but I think it is pretty unfair of him allowing her here today. Now we have to wait for her to come before we can do anything else. I have to deal with her as long as she wants to be here. I am very upset over it and my husband won't even hear me out. He told me to be a big girl and suck it up. I have been doing that for 13 years. I am at my wit's end with this woman. I am a complete asshole for not wanting to go and play nice while she is here? She is always rude to me, and yet I am the immature one for not wanting her to be near me on this one day."
274,"AITA for cutting off contact with a friend because she's racist? I made friends with a girl. We clicked over our mutual sense of humor, our social awkwardness, and tendency to give way too much info. We hung out 4 or 5 times before this incident. We were in my car and a guy pulled into the spot next to us really fast. She said, unprompted, ""this is probably bad but I just knew that guy would be black."" I explained why I thought that was uncool but she didn't care, she even said that ""living in L.A. has turned her into a bit of a racist."" It didn't take me long to realize this attitude wouldn't change. To be clear, I'd never encountered her attitude this way before, so it's not like she's a straight up white supremacist, but as someone who is working hard to overcome my own biases, this made me really uncomfortable. So, I kinda just started avoiding her, telling her I was busy, couldn't hang out, whatever. Eventually she caught on and asked me what happened, why we never hung out anymore, but I just didn't answer. I didn't want it to turn into some argument about racism, and I'm a huge pushover and knew I'd put away my discomfort to get someone to like me. I probably should have responded, but I hate confrontation and didn't want to second guess my decision or anything. I mean, she literally said she was a racist and wasn't ashamed of it. So, am I the asshole?"
275,"loaned showing to a friend and now it's broken... I loaned my flat iron to a friend Wednesday, asked Thursday why her hair wasn't flat yet and told her I didn't want to keep wearing my hair up, and she said she'd bring it to work Friday. Instead, she forgot it. ok, that's fine, just bring it Monday. I got a text last night that my flat iron won't turn on. Here's where I need perspective-AITA for expecting her to replace my flat iron?"
276,"AITA For being mad at a girl I like kissing my friend. So, I've been speaking to this girl from my college course for about two weeks we never really talked much before. We have been constantly on the phone with each other and we really hit it off. We both talked about the future and our past etc. She seemed really into me at first and we were planning on going out on a date. She then backed off because I am younger than her. The thing is I'm only under a year younger than her, I'm 17 she's 18. Last Friday a group of us went out to celebrate finishing our college course. She was being extremely flirty with one of my friends. Long story short they both kissed and it felt like a massive kick to the balls. Am I an asshole for being mad at her? I think the reason why I'm mad/upset with her is that she knew I really liked her. I'm also mad at my friend because he knew I liked her."
277,"AITA for trying to stick to whats comfortable with my boyfriend? Sorry in advance for my sub-par posting and formatting skills. I'm a long time lurker and hope I can get some honest advice. To give a little background my boyfriend and I just graduated high school together and have been with each other for about a year now. He's always been pretty against me going to parties or touching anything other than weed(I smoke regularly and since our relationship has gone on hes gotten quite into it himself.) And I've done my best to respect that and have bitten my tongue countless times because he's told me ""I can't"" go do things or be around certain people because he doesn't approve for some reason, or he's jealous of them. I've tried acid and shrooms once and have experimented with painkillers and alcohol pretty heavily in the past. I ended up getting arrested and really saw my life for what it was, moved hours away, quit drinking and experimenting, mended my bad relationships with my family, graduated a year early, and am enrolled in college next semester. I'm so much happier with myself and don't really see the need to try other things that I know will harm my body becuase theres more to life than getting fucked up. Hes told me in the past that he's not comfortable with the drugs ive done and that he would break up with me without a second thought if I ever touched cocaine or acid, which I think is pretty reasonable. I don't exactly want him into those things either. He's recently found a new group of friends and says he doesn't want me around them because, they're ""not accepting people"" and even had a birthday party that he didn't tell me about or invite me to with all of them the other day. A few daya ago he told me that he wanted to try cocaine and that we should do it together. I am not comfortable with cocaine at all and told him that. He says his friends were on it a few days before and they just looked so happy. I said I wasn't really comfortable with his friends doing cocaine around him. Last night he was staying over and his friend called him and asked him to come try cocaine, this made me very uncomfortable and I said ""I'm not sure if I like your friends, they seem like bad influences on you and I know you'd tell me the same thing. I'm just not comfortable with it."" He starts to ignore me even being in the room until he finally tells me that I way too judgmental and that he's not staying at my house. I offered to let him sleep in my bed and I'd go on the couch and we could drop the situation right now. I beg him to just talk to me about it while he literally completely ignores my presence until saying that ""talking never works"" and things to that nature. I tried to"
278,"AITA for being annoyed when she laughs at my hiccups? So, when eat too fast, usually because I'm overly hungry, I don't chew properly and food gets stuck in my system. This makes me hiccup until the food works its way down to my gullet. My SO finds this hilarious, and laughs every time I hiccup. I'm normally pretty proper, and seldom do things like spill food on my shirt. It's also uncomfortable, and occasionally even painful. So, am I a killjoy for being annoyed with her glee at my misfortune?"
279,"AITA for getting my dad to pack his own lunch for tomorrow? My mum is away on holiday for a while leaving my father to tend to three teenage boys. Today during dinner he was saying how we have to be more responsible and that we are getting older so it's time to ""step up"". The topic of lunch tomorrow comes up and he mentions something about the frozen curries my mum had prepared before she left. Since they are frozen solid and in individual serving pouches I ask him if he can take them out of the freezer when he gets up at 5 compared to me at 7 to defrost during the morning and not be frozen when I try to microwave them at morning tea. He simply says no and says I should set an alarm and be responsible. This was pretty frustrating since he would literally be awake and it takes 10 seconds to take the curry out of the freezer. Anyway later on I'm cleaning the kitchen and ask him to take his sausages away so I can clean the pan. He asks me to do it and I say ""Can't you do it? You're capable"". Storming downstairs he tells me I am behaving pathetically and should be ashamed of myself. How I am so close minded and many more things. I got him to sort his own lunch out to prove a point but I doubt he made that connection. So reddit, am I the asshole?"
280,"AITA for ending a friendship? Ok, so last year I ended a friendship with a longtime friend, and she seems to be wanting to move past it, but I am feeling like I don't want to, am I being an asshole? The backstory is that we were in a friend group in high school that hung out together all the time, and at the base of that group were four girls, including me. I was extremely close with the one (we'll call her Kay), and good friends with the other two (we'll call them Ali and Jess). Ali is the friend I'm talking about now. After we graduated we all went off to colleges in different states and slowly grew apart. Jess dropped off the face of the earth completely, and I vaguely kept in email contact with Kay and Ali. Ali dropped out and moved back home, but she worked really hard and has an awesome job, so she's been doing well. I never thought I'd move back even remotely close to where I grew up, but I ended up going to graduate school about 2 hours away from where I grew up, and I reconnected with Ali. We grew up in a small town, so she always wanted to come visit me to come to the big city, and I would visit her occasionally, but not nearly as often as she would come to see me. Typically her visits involved her going to some event, like a concert or sporting event and she would crash at my place. So the start of the fall out started a few years ago when I was diagnosed with cancer. I was really sick and in the hospital and I talked to her about visiting, she said she was slammed at work and couldn't make it, but she sent a card and a gift. No big deal, I totally understood. Fast forward about six months, she came into town to visit, I was on the mend. We go out to lunch and I was telling her how hard everything had been, she says now that I've opened up she should as well. That she had been lying about being single for all these years, and that she'd actually had a boyfriend for about two years. She said the reason she hadn't told me was because it was scandalous, and I was thinking maybe he was married or something. Then she tells me its because he's black. I found this really offensive, because I could care less about that, and if she knew me at all she would know that. I brought up that Jess is black and dated white guys and none of us thought anything of that, so why would this be any different. She was like oh well I just didn't know if you were racist or not. So I was already mad, but then she tells me that she's been coming to town about every week with him to go to events and stuff, but never told me because she didn't"
281,"AITA for not letting my sister borrow my car? I'm 19, my sister is 32. My parent gave my car to me at the start of my Senior year of high school as my early graduation present. This was so that I could get myself to school and the like. Finished high school since then, and I'm taking over gas and other fees for the vehicle once I get my first job (if all goes well, I should start early next month). My older sister does not have her own vehicle because she totaled the one(s) my parents bought her. This year my parents begged me to let my sister borrow my car for work and driving her kids to school. I obliged because I didn't have a job at that point, so I didn't need the car every day. What harm could there be in it? Well, she ends up keeping the car for almost three months. Her husband had been driving it without permission and without a license. He was buying drugs in my car. My dad caught him and promptly took the car. When I finally got it back, it was absolutely trashed. I used to clean used cars, and I've never seen such a disgusting interior. I cleaned out enough trash to fill three 30-gallon trash bags. Piles and piles of food and soda cans. Plates with ranch dressing and pizza rolls just sitting on the seats. Food stains covering all my seats, which were almost spotless before. And my car had at least 5 cockroaches living inside. It took hours to clean. I don't understand how she could be so selfish. She showed no respect for a person who was allowing her to use their most expensive object. My parents, who bend over backwards to make my sister happy, recently asked me to lend my car to her again for a few days. Because she wants to take her kids to Sunday school. I outright said no. I don't feel badly for my sister's sake, I feel badly because I told my parents no and they're the ones who purchased the car. Am I an asshole for that?"
282,"AITA for being mad at my girlfriend when she talks about how she finds my friends attractive? So I have a girlfriend. She's really cool. She hot, funny, and clever. We've been a thing for like a month or so now. however, She often talks about my friends and how she finds them hot. I hate it. I hate it so much. I've told her I dont like it. I feel like its just inconsiderate of my feelings. Am I being sensitive and a bit controlling, or is she the asshole? I do not do the same thing. She used to get super upset if I called anyone else pretty, even celebrities. She mostly does this sort of thing when she's mad at me for anything."
283,"AITA For Pushing A Kid Out Of His Chair This happened a few years ago, but i recently heard about this sub through a podcast and was curious to see what others thought. I was held back a few years in highschool, (medical problems), so i was in a freshman class when i was suppose to be a junior. The kid, i call him a kid but a freshman was just poking me in the back with a pencil, i turned around and somewhat aggressively told him to stop, but he wouldnt listen. So he poked me again and i turned around and threw him out of his chair and the chair/desk fell over with him. I found it insanely comical, and once the teacher heard what happen she pretty much agreed with me and didnt do anything about it. I strongly and comfortably think i wasnt the asshole for this, but im curious to see what you others think."
284,AITA for looking for a new girl I will be leaving for college in a month and my gf is in summer session. We will be going 2 hours from each other. I am already looking for new friends and seeing which girls i could end up getting with because i unfortunately think the distance will kill us. I dont plan on doing anything decisive unless we actually break up but i do want to set up a foundation. Am i an asshole?
285,Getting rid of a friend Am i the asshole when i got rid of my best friend of 7 years when a week after i broke up with a girlfriend of 3 years he tried to date her behind my back
286,"Am I an asshole for letting my kids draw all over the walkway of my apartment? I live on the 2nd floor of an apartment building. My neighbor is very clean. She sweeps and mops outside around her door like weekly... Me... not so much... I have 3 girls. 6,5 and 3. I do try to be respectful by keeping it on the opposite side of our door so it's not on her side and we don't do it often. Like not even once a month. The girls did it last night while my husband and I cleaned up dinner and they did go a little crazy. The whole sidewalk was decorated. Well at least us and up to 3 doors down.... She got all nasty and was out there with buckets scrubbing the sidewalk just now.... I don't really think I'm being that big of a douche. It was raining all day and they needed to get outside. And it is just chalk and doesn't happen often. What do you think reddit?"
287,"AITA for continuing with this relationship as long as I had? So here's the thing. I have been seeing this girl for the past 7 months. And, when I say seeing, I mean we have know each other for about that long. We have had numerous innocent iMessage conversations and countless coffee ""dates"" but it has never amounted to anything more than that (We go to the same places all the time).A couple of months ago she asked over message, ""so, is this a thing?"" Mindlessly, as anyone one would do at 12 o'clock in the morning while also doing other things, I give a hesitant, ""yes?"". This whole time I haven't had any sexual feelings towards this girl but since I have been questioning my sexuality, as a way of hiding that from my friends I went along with it because I was uncomfortable with coming out, with the fear people will think of me differently. While our most recent (and last) date came to an end she asked me if I wanted to kiss her. Me feeling ashamed for the string of lies I have told I decided to be honest with her and said that I didn't really want to. anyway, that didn't go well. and she kind of went off. and I'm pretty sure I ruined our friendship."
288,"I want to see an asshole crash his car. I live on a one way street in a east coast city. People like to fly down this one way street in the opposite direction. When they get to the intersection they don't have a stop sign since the whole one way street thing, but the cross street does. Sometimes they honk at the other drivers because they don't feel they have to stop because of their lack of stop sign. I just want to see one of these assholes crash into another car, get indignant, and then get screwed over for being wrong. I don't want anybody hurt, and minimal damage to the other car would be nice. Am I the asshole?"
289,"AITA for quitting a job before my first shift? Okay, so when I was in high school, I applied for a summer job one June. There was an interview and everything. A while later, I got a call saying I got the job, and would be contacted for my first shift (the job is working for the town, refereeing soccer, etc). About three months pass whithout a call, and I assumed whatever paper they had that had my name on it got lost or something, and I didn't really care a whole lot. Then, a few weeks into the school year, I get a call from them one night, and they want me to come in and referee a game *in an hour*. I didn't have anything to do that night, but I decided if they are going to start doing this regularly, it will interfere with school (after all, I had applied for a *summer* job). I make an executive decision and say that this isn't going to work with my schedule and pretty much quit over the phone. Am I the asshole?"
290,"AITA for not tolerating homophobia? As long as someone doesn't believe bad things about me, I'm happy to love them and keep them as a friend despite their differences. I'm a gay scientific atheist. She's fundamentalist Christian. We've been best friends for years, silently tolerating each other's way of life, never trying to change each other. However, we blew up at each other after Obergefell v. Hodges passed and she declared that she doesn't agree with my ""lifestyle"" and believes that people choose to be gay and that it is sinful. I was unaware of the extent of her fundamentalism, especially because her two best friends are openly gay. I told her that her beliefs hurt me personally and offended me, and that I couldn't see how I could be friends with someone that prejudiced. She thinks I should be able to deal with her beliefs because she deals with mine, and that I'm the asshole for not tolerating her homophobia like I tolerate her beliefs in things like Christianity and denial of evolution. AITA?"
291,"Did I abandon a friend? So about a year and a half ago I met this girl, we hit it off and have been talking daily for a year and a half (we have literally over 30,000 messages on fb alone).of course I fell in love with her last year as any guy would but the problem arose a couple weeks ago. I was at a party smoking weed doing my thing and she showed up. We said hi and all that but later in the night she was all over this other guy. I wasn't really mad just sad but they went into a room solo and I do t know what they did but her shirt was out of place when they got out. Now I'm am not mad really but it's painful to talk to her knowing she clearly doesn't feel the same way about me as I do her as evidenced by the fact that she shacked up with another dude so I stop all communications with her. Am I an asshole? Oh and I may have pissed her off intentionally to push her away so there's that. So reddit, am I an asshole or a stupid kid?"
292,"AITA for not telling my cousins I killed their dog. This isn't really AITA but more of ""am I an asshole?"" since they didn't do anything wrong. A few years ago I was staying with my cousins for the summer. They own a decent size ranch that I was helping them work on. One day they all went into town and I was there alone. I decided to try to do something productive so I went to go take out the trash and then go clean the barn. I went outside and got in the truck to head out. As I opened the door one of their dog's jumped in the back as usual, no problem... Until I got to the barn, forgot the dog was in their and locked him in the blazing summer sun. I ended up dicking around playing on my phone and whatnot after finishing cleaning. About two hours had passed since I had left him in there. I opened the truck door to hear him panting and whimpering and immediately realized I fucked up. Me not having a drivers license or even knowing where a vet was drove as fast as I could to the house to get on the phone and call my cousins to tell them what was happening. No one picked up... I'm in a panic... Realizing he is burning I decide he needs water. I drive him back to the hose to pour cold water all over him and attempt to make him drink some. Then I see a truck. Thank God! One of my cousin's is back. I run to tell him what happened. He comes over as fast as he can and at this point I think the dog has bitten his tongue because he is bleeding from the mouth. As we drive to the vet I tell my cousin that I had found him like this by the pond(to explain the wetness) We got him to the vet and they told us that his insides had burned up from the heat. We got a call back the next day for them to tell us he died. We then drive back to pick up the body. Surprisingly when we got there there was about a dozen dogs in the freezer that I can only assume had a similar unfortunate fate. Later that day I helped bury that dog in their woods. I think it's been about two years and I still haven't told them. At first it was out of fear and now I just feel like it's a little too late to even mention it. So am I an asshole for not telling them? TLDR: I forgot my cousins dog in a truck. He burned to death. I didn't tell them."
293,"AITA for a series of events that resulted in my coworker quitting? Ive worked at a place for about two years. Recently a new girl came in for training. Very cute girl. Unfortunately most of my dating history is ""girls I work with"" despite the old advice that you shouldn't do that at all. This is one of the two things in the story that I just can't help myself with. So she sees me everyday for a couple of weeks. We talk a lot. She's older and Im told I should date older women because people my age are kind of just how young people tend to be. I tell her there's an event in town after work and she should come to it with me. She agrees to meet me there. We listen to some music, drink. I've run into another friend there who encourages me to go home with the girl. The girl invites me to another party ""near"" her place. Im surprised to find out this wasn't a hook. there was in fact another party..... A very hippoie/flowerchild whatever kind of party. This is not my thing so I drink my beer and try to keep my mouth shut. We work for a corporation so this was highly unexpected. Eventually she says she's bored and wants to go home. We are both quite drunk but her house isn't far and she drives me to it. It's important to note I've left my car in town. So we're at her house and at every turn she's just mildly bringing up these topics and Im just lightly batting them out of the way while we drink wine. I am in her house. I am in her house. I am in her house. Slow debate begins to form. I am now in her bedroom. The discussion is heating up. Im on her bed and finally I can't control my pride anymore. The passively one-sided discussion of Mother Earth and LSD has become a full on argument in about 5 minutes. We stop talking, go outside. Nothing happened. We're drinking and I quote a book or something stupid and ill advised and she says ""You can't even think for yourself you have to use authors to back you up?"" She is angry and I just can't help myself. I have to continue to argue and continue to come off as pretentious and finally just shrug her off. So it is clear to me this night cannot be saved. I finish my wine, she offers to drive me back to my car. We stop at a gas station. She tells me to get out. I do. I walk a mile and a half to my car at midnight. Fuck her i think, but it's understandable I was being a jerk by the end of it. I come into work Monday. She doesn't come by the desk (obviously). A week goes by and I see her once. I say hey, she says hey. I don't apologize. By next Monday she is gone."
294,AITA for pushing to have my feelings heard? My best friend and I have always been close. In recent months we were skyping every night and texting all day with each other. She recently has just turned into this entirely different person that I've never know. She says it's because she is depressed and really trying to deal with her shit right now. I have pushed her to try and talk to me about why she has changed and what is going on with her. We barely talk any more and when we do we usually fight. I don't remember the last time we skyped. Yet she has hung out with other folks in recent months and yet the reason she says the reason she refuses to skype is because she doesn't want to have to sit in front of a computer. Sorry if this is super rambling and formatted improperly i am on mobile
295,"Am I the asshole for asking my parents to pay me back when I buy them things? So, I'm 19 and still live with my parents. I have a part time job averaging about 25 hours a week at minimum wage. My parents will ask me occassionally(as im sure all parents do) to pick up milk or some groceries from the store. I don't mind the chore, I like getting out and driving and walking around. However, what I do mind, is when I give them the receipt from my trip, which contains all THEY wanted(if I get anything for me, I do it on a seperate transaction as to not add confusion to the bill). Then, when I ask to be paid for it, my mother gets up in arms over asking for my money back. She uses arguments like, ""Oh well, I buy you things when im at the store and I don't ask you to pay me"" or ""When I was your age, Id buy my moms stuff because I loved my mommy so much."", which to me doesn't make sense seeming how I pick up what I need or ask if they want me to pay them for any groceries I put on the list. The thing is, I wouldn't mind if these were just snide comments, but these turn into days long arguments over something like $11. Another factor that may play in is after my grandfather died, he left me a substantial amount of money to help pay for college, which my mother believes she was cheated out of. I already have lent her about $500 with her not paying that back yet, arguing that it shouldve been hers anyway. I feel I should mention my mom is on disability and my dad works full time. I guess, I want my money back, because I know if I don't ask in the moment, my mothers going to think that everytime she sends me to the store that Ill just cover it and end up making my lists so much longer and more expensive since I ""have the money to afford it anyway."" What do you think here? TL:DR- I want my money back from either lending it to my mom or going on errands, while she believes that shes entitled to them as ""gifts"" or something."
296,"AITA for thinking I'd be able to pay online and have it shipped? So, I wanted 500 business cards done before I leave to promote a project I'm doing. I figured it's be easy with Staples, but there wasn't one in my area. The closest one was 3 hours away. However, the site said that you'd be able to have them shipped to your home address. It was way cheaper than the alternative of having to pay $150 from another place, but it seems that might be my only option now that I realized that the only way to get them was pay in-store, which kind of defeats the purpose of the shipping and whatnot. I called to have the order canceled, only to realize they finished the order and were expecting payment. I told them about the situation at-hand, but I feel like a huge asshole because the person on the other end seemed really annoyed about me canceling my order. So, am I the asshole for thinking that I could pay for 500 business cards online for $35 and have it shipped to a location 3 hours away? I should mention I live in a state that makes 3 hour drives not so bad considering the cities themselves are almost 30-60 minutes in-between each other."
297,"AITA in this argument with my roommate? One of my roommates and I work opposite shifts so we only see each other in passing, usually. He is protective of his things and if something is not the way he left it, he will be upset about it, even if he leaves it out where it is probably going to be touched. These are just things like a gamecube on the coffee table, or a laptop on our one small dining table. I'm aware of not touching these things and I don't usually touch his stuff that is in our shared space. However, a yo-yo was sitting out and I wasn't aware it was his, as it was a nice yo-yo and our apartment is small enough that I know who owns virtually everything. I assumed it was a friend's so I played around with it. He noticed it was played with and I outright told him I did it because I didn't know it was his. He naturally told me never to touch his things that he leaves out. Only thing is, I spent 15 minutes searching for my desk chair yesterday because he put it in his bedroom. I have never had any issues with someone using my things, but it seems odd that he took it without letting me know and is upset when I touch his things. I mentioned this to him, and thrn he brought up the fact that he is mad that he cleaned up a counterspace in the kitchen that I apparently made messy (I don't remember if I actually did, it may have been another roommate), and whem I go to look, some of his things like an empty box are still cluttering the kitchen. He could have picked them up but cleared my alleged stuff off instead. Am I the asshole for not sympathizing with what he wants, or is he the asshole for holding me to standards that he isn't holding himself to?"
298,"AITA because I didn't warn my sister So I'll cut to the chase, My twin sister is pretty irresponsible. My mother decided to lend my sister her debit card for one night, as my sister did not have her debit card and she wanted to go to a local music festival. Afterwards, she decides to crash at my other parents house(they're divorced), and leaves the debit card in her pants, which she leaves at that parent's house. This would be all fine and dandy, but she ended up losing the card somewhere between the house and the music festival, and my mother learns this when she is called by the bank telling her that her lost debit card has been found. my sister didn't tell our mother that she had lost the card though. My mom decides to tell me that my sister lost the card and that she is going to try to teach my sister a lesson. So my mother decides to go and ask my sister for the card, to which she replies ""Oh its in my pants pocket at (other parents) house."" as we had to stop by there anyway, my mom tells her to go get the card. She then goes in and comes back out and says that she is certain it is in her bag at my mothers house. Eventually we end up back there and she looks where she was ""certain"" she had the card, and it isn't there. My mother then scolds her for losing the card and tells her that she and I have known for a while. My sister then proceeds to get incredibly pissed off at me, because I didn't tell her that our mom knew she lost the card and proceeds to try to kick me while angry. So am I the asshole because I didn't tell my sister that my mother knew that she lost the card, and thus perhaps could have prevented her from getting scolded?"
299,"AITA for not wanting my TV to be in the living room of my 4 bedroom apartment? I use my TV as my main computer monitor, though, admittedly, I have other monitors as well. The TV is HD and I like it. I like having a TV in my room, and even though one of our other roommates has his smaller TV in the living room, I don't really use it. Early on one of my roommates asked if we could keep my TV in the living room and I apologized and said that I prefer to have it in my room. I've lived alone for a few years and I honestly just prefer to have my things in my room, my sanctuary. I did donate the couch and coffee table to the living room though. Am I the asshole for not wanting my TV to be shared?"
300,"Am I the asshole for using the fridge at work the same way everyone else does? Ok, this is really petty, but *someone* still has to be wrong, right? I work in an office of 4 people. Two employees, one boss, and the boss' lackey. There is a big, family sized fridge in the kitchen area that is--at most--1/3 full with everyone's stuff. Some of us like the same things, like single serve (12 oz) bottles of diet coke, but nobody labels their stuff or steals because we all know what we brought in, and if we can't tell the difference between one bottle or another, we don't take more than we brought, and everything evens out. So today, I open one of two absolutely full bottles of diet coke, and don't think I heard much of a fizz but didn't think much of it and had a sip. It was flat as shit (but still well within its date) and clearly had been opened weeks ago. So I pour it out and drink the other one...which was clearly mine. But I start asking people what's up because I want to notify whoever's drink I wasted, and was curious why they opened a bottle, drank absolutely nothing, and left it in the fridge. Turns out the boss drank half of one a month ago and then told his lackey to put it back on the fridge. Lackey does this, and some days later, the boss started another bottle, and told him to refrigerate the half that's left. The lackey poured them both in the same bottle and left it there with no label *to save space*. And it sat for weeks before I got to it. Now, the lackey is pissed at me for throwing away the boss' drink. I'm pissed at him for leaving a mixture of two different days of backwash looking like a brand new drink in a community fridge, and I'm not willing to replace it because it was garbage before I opened it, and there's no reason to be combining half drunk bottles and risking confusion. Am I the asshole?! Edit: **TL;DR: One guy using a community fridge mixes up a bacteria bomb of his own backwash and leaves it there for weeks until some other unsuspecting fool drinks it, having confused it for his own soda.**"
301,"AMITA for busting a kid at the gas station? At the age of 19 I worked at a small gasbar on the overnight shift til 4am, I still remember this van pulls up and fills up the tank this kid comes in must be no older than 15 and says ""I just got gas do you need my ID or something so I can pay it?"" I said sure and took his id an went out back to ""check it"" kid was only 14 and that was his moms van out there, called the RCMP who were only a few minutes up the road and saw about 10 people pile out of that van running when the cops showed up. The kid looked at me and yelled ""YOU'RE A FUCKING RAT"" I hit the button to lock the door on the other side of the glass ""I may be a rat but I saved someone from being killed by an idiot like you without a licence"" Was extremely happy to see that kid carted off After that he got a slap on the wrist and I kept in touch with him through his mom [friend of the family] he's now going to uni for a medicine doctorate and gonna have a good life."
302,"Coworker threatened to kill me off work property - AITA? Hey guys, my first post, so here goes nothing: This happened this morning, just a few minutes ago. I was on my way to work, stopped at the convenience store on the other side of the parking lot from work, and my girlfriend (who also works with me) came with. On our way over a coworker, we'll call her Bethany, got my girlfriend's attention and asked about trivial stuff while I paced ahead of them, not wanting to get involved. When my GF told me to slow down because I was walking too fast, I told her (loud enough that she could hear me, about 20 feet away) that she was talking to Bethany and I ""didn't want to have anything to do with that."" My girlfriend knows the past stuff that has gone on between Bethany and I, and knows that I do not like this person. Anyway, I went into the convenience store and Bethany followed us in. I think she came up to me first, came behind me while I was at the counter, and said, ""That was highly inappropriate,"" I said back, ""Well I'm not going to be rude to you at work, but outside of work..."" I believe it was then that she came up to my girlfriend and said that, ""You better tell your girl that if I ever hear my name pass her lips again, I'm going to fucking kill her."" Now, my GF and I sat down for a little while, eating our breakfast sandwiches that we bought, and she told me that, ""Sometimes the things I say are so embarassing."" This is when she told me that Bethany had threatened my life. Let me give you a little back story, so you know the context. I've been working here for about a year, and the first cubicle I was assigned to I sat immediately behind Bethany. I knew who she was because I had seen her on the bus before (gotta love mass transit, right?) and I tried to become friends with her, since that's always my reaction to meeting new people. She would have good days and bad days, and to be honest, my humor tends towards dry sarcasm. Everyone else that I interract with at work gets the same, but only she seems to take it personally. The incident that prompted her first threat against me was very mild, I thought. We have a rule at work that cell phones are not to be out and used. If a supervisor sees you with a cell phone then they will pass that along to your supervisor and then they will possibly take disciplinary action against you. On this particular day, I had gotten up to use the bathroom and on my way back she startled hard, because she was on her phone and scared that it might be a Sup and not a coworker who had seen her breaking the rules. I appologized for startling her, and sat down and went back"
303,"AITA for writing stories with graphic content? Hey, guys! I post a lot on /r/nosleep and I enjoy writing in my spare time. Most of my stories are horror stories, often featuring graphic content. One of my common focuses is child abuse/murder, as I tend to find that horrifying. I've been continually getting hateful comments about my writing. I always add a trigger warning to my works now. In one case, I didn't add flair specifying that the trigger warning pertained to child abuse and I was told that I am ""fucked in the head"" and ""fucked off."" In another, I had both a trigger warning and flair and another user told me that killing children in stories is tactless and that I'm a terrible writer. Now I'm starting to worry that my stories are too graphic. I don't want to censor myself, but I'm starting to feel like a terrible person for having graphic content. Guys, am I the asshole? Edit: Hey, thanks for all the supportive comments, guys! You guys are a great community!"
304,"AITA For not waiting on a girl? Let me preface this by saying all involved parties are high schoolers. That's why this will probably sound stupid. Last year I dated this girl, let's call her Allie. Allie was..well..kind of a nymphomaniac. She'd been with more guys than she could remember, and she's done basically everything. If you think I'm exaggerating..I won't go into graphic detail, but it's more than any of you are thinking. In contrast, I had yet to go beyond kissing a girl, and was, honestly, super excited. However, we both had big issues with depression, and so I ended up breaking up with her after about two months. The reason for this is that she was incredibly attached to me, and she was becoming unhealthily obsessed. I knew she'd never be truly happy if she depended on me as a crutch, so I tried to stand by her as a friend, telling her that maybe once we'd figured ourselves out we could try again. Later that year, she disappeared. Signed out of every class, just...gone. It honestly messed me up really badly. I was 90% sure that she'd killed herself. No social media updates, no indicators at all. I moved on with life, and had a couple other casual relationships, but they always felt kind of empty. All the time apart made me realize how badly I actually needed her as much as she'd needed me. Flash forward to about a month ago, and I see that she's updated Facebook again. I messaged her immediately, and we made plans to hang out. Turns out she'd gone to a mental health facility for teens, and she would be moving back within a month. We meet up, at the topic of dating gets brought up. She says that when she moves back (she was visiting home) in around a month, then we can try again. However, she says *once she's settled back in* we'll try again. Now, I was fine with this, because of course she'll need readjusting time. She moved back almost 20 days ago, which is to my mind, adequate settling in time. No worries though, I totally respect that she has some things left to sort through. The difficult part is finding out what she's been doing during that time- the answer being multiple other guys. I guess she thinks since we aren't dating again yet, there's no commitment, and I suppose that's true. However, She knows that we might get back together soon, and is still just fucking everyone who asks. (Her reputation gets around.) I held out on ""serious"" (high school) relationships waiting for her to get back, and I feel kind of violated knowing that she's banging everyone in sight. I feel kind of betrayed, and I want to break things off, but multiple people have said that since we aren't officially dating yet, it shouldn't bother me. So reddit, am i the asshole?"
305,"Am I the asshole for not making my sub private when I found out about the /u/chooter/ protest? Now that I've read more about it, I still think we shouldn't have gone private. Basically, as moderators of a sub, if we do that in protest, it would imply to readers that we have some inside knowledge or expert perspective that makes us an authority on this subject, and I have no such knowledge. Ours is a small sub; so small that I have never expected any direct access to site admins or corporate leaders, so I don't know what the people at AskReddit may know about how they fail to do this. Also, I don't understand the tools we have as sub mods well enough to complain about their inadequacy. (I can't even get our logo to show up where it belongs!) The one gripe I do understand is the requirement that reddit sets global (and sometimes poorly explained) reddiquette and demands all subs force their commenters to comply, even when it conflicts with the sub's purpose. That's already been a thorn in our side, but I really don't resent corporate leadership's position on this. Sure, the rules could be written more clearly, but in today's oversensitive culture and litigious climate, corporations have to put some pretty stringent shackles on people's actions on their forum or in their name just to avoid being publicly scapegoated into exile, sued out of existence, or criminally prosecuted. That's the nature of being a large operating entity. And sure, from my perspective, the sudden firing and failure to immediately transition /u/chooter/'s position seems awkward and arbitrary, but I literally don't know the first thing about what went on. I've known of no statement made about why she was fired, or why the speed of transition needed to be rushed. So as a subreddit mod, I think making such an official move to protest ought be done with more consideration than the average Facebooker sharing a Kony video or putting a rainbow filter on his profile pic because everyone else is doing it. I can't just wave a sign and shout because it seems popular. Did I do the wrong thing?"
306,"AITA for not sharing my win? So a few months back, I was out shopping with some family (My grandparents, my mother and my little sister), we'd just had lunch together and we were window-browsing and getting clothes. Anyway, inside the shopping centre, there was a charity there selling raffle tickets for a big house in the city. The tickets were pretty expensive but my grandparents, my mother and I went three ways on a pack of ten tickets. We agreed that if any of the ten tickets won, we'd split it amongst all five of us, my little sister included. We'd sell the house and each get some of the money. A couple of weeks later, some people from the same charity were at a supermarket I was shopping at. I thought 'screw it' and bought a few more tickets for myself. It was for a good cause and I didn't think any more of it. Until just under a month ago when I got a call saying that one of those tickets had won second prize. A $25,000 dollar car, or gold bullion of equal value. I went with the bullion and that was easily sold. I needed the money badly. But I made the mistake of telling my family that I won. Now they're all saying that I went behind their backs and bought more tickets. That I should share the winnings since we agreed to share the winnings of the other tickets we'd bought together. Am I the asshole for not wanting to give them a share of those winnings? The tickets we bought together weren't the winning ones and the tickets that did win, weren't bought 'behind their backs', whatever they say. On the other hand, I know my mum is hurting for money just as much as I am, and I'm definitely being made to feel guilty about it, even if it's not a huge win like the house would have been. So reddit, what do you think? Am I an asshole for not sharing?"
307,"i told my mum something i thought my step dad had already told her, now they are fighting, so starting off I live in Australia, guns are not common over here, I am 17 and have never seen a gun, although I believe I'm not scared of them and mainly line up with Americas laws. My step father has a gun safe in the house and today he told me that he put a gun on lay-by. I assumed he told my mum (even though she HATES guns, and the idea of having a gun in the house.) I said just half-hour ago ""oh so Jack got his gun on lay-by today, thats exciting"" she went off at him and now they are fighting, he locked her phone in the gun safe and has taken off, we do have to toddlers in the house but the gun rules here are so strict that you must have the gun, the bullets, the magazine all in a different safe and the only time you can bring it out is when you are taking it to the range, its not like he would be playing with it around the house anyway. AmItheAsshole? TLDR; step father told me he got a gun, i thought mum knew, she didn't, she hates guns, think they might have broken up"
308,"AITA for telling some stranger to stop beating the shit out his kid in the grocery store? This was the scenario: I'm shopping, rolling my cart down the aisle, when suddenly a little boy (I'm guessing around 3 or 4 years old) jumps in front of my cart and playfully yells: ""Get outta my way!!"" I laughed. Suddenly, his Dad (I guess) comes storming around the corner and beats the living hell out of this kid. It was more than just a Dad-like spanking like I used to get when I was his age...but it was a spanking - not like the guy punched him or anything. ""You do NOT talk to your elders that way!!"" I was shocked for a moment but then said, ""Dude! Is that really necessary?!"" He says, ""Mind yer own goddamn business."" His Mom then gives the kid a screaming at. Everyone else was just walking by this situation not paying any mind. I went about my shopping. But that really pissed me off. Should I have just turned the other way? I guess I have no right to tell him how to parent. But fuck. Am I the asshole? EDIT: More information regarding said spanking have been requested. As I mentioned previously, this is not what I would call a ""swat"". The Dad was a huge guy - judging from his tats, appeared to be a former (or current) Marine. By ""huge"", I mean ""hits the gym daily"" huge...not overweight. The child was...meh...about the average size for a 4 year old, I would say. The spanking itself was a ""rear back and SPANK...HARD."" I'm not the biggest guy (I weigh about a buck 40, would be considered thin) - but let's just say that if this guy hit ME with that much force, it would have hurt ME. I recall my Dad spanking me as a child and I certainly had a sore bottom afterward but I don't see this kid sitting down tonight. People, it was bad."
309,"AITA for denying a customer a smoothie, even though I could easily make one? So the thing is that I'm the shiftleader in my fast food resturant and this particular day we had a lot of customer and more than usual new employees. So everything is not going as smooth (pun not intended) as possible and the queue was starting to get longer and longer so I made the decision to stop making smoothies, as it took valuable time to make them. At the time I was the only one on my shift who knew how to make them, and I had new employees that I had to constantly check up on to make sure they did everything correctly and we had a lot of smoothie orders. I told my employees to let the customers know that we were all out of smoothies, even though that was a lie. The reason being that I did not want customers asking why we couldnt sell it because the queues were pretty long at this point in time, and they would just become even longer. Then this one guy comes up to the counter and orders a smoothie. The employee lets him know that we are ""all out"" of smoothies, but the customer is not satisfied and wants to talk to his supervisor (me). I get over there telling him the same thing but then he does the unexpected. He points at the smoothie mixes that are clearly visible from the counter and says to me that he hates it when people lie to him. At this point I just changed my reasoning for not selling smoothies because I know I cant just give one customer special treatment, even though tecnically I could easily have done it. So, am I the asshole? Btw: Sorry about my English. It's not my native language. Edit: I get it! My excuse sucked. I know!!"
310,"AITAH in this stupid Reddit fight? (Screenshots inside.) I got in a stupid fight on Reddit about Reddit. By the end of the fight I'm rather clearly *an* asshole. I know that, and I'm okay with that. But am I *the* asshole? Am I the reason it became a fight rather than a discussion? Essentially, am I worse than the other guy? [Link] EDIT: [The latest round.] /u/sanfranidiot is now running around this thread telling people they have no morals and shouldn't be allowed on juries for disagreeing with him. This guy has to be a troll, right?"
311,"Loaned earbuds, didn't get them back I loaned my son earbuds in order for him to go to the gym with us. In the lobby of the YMCA, we're talking about the case I put them in, and I slide them back across the table to him. Well, I thought it was to him, because now that it's 6 hours after they've closed, I do not have that set of earbuds any more. They're still at the Y, or in someone else's grubby little hands. I was under the assumption that if you borrowed something, you were responsible for getting them back to the person. I didn't realize that at any time in the transaction if I put hands on them again, they were now in my possession, and I am now responsible for them again. I feel that it was his responsibility to get them home, and he feels that he ""put them in my hands"", and therefore is free of the responsibility. Edit1: He's 17, he'll be 18 in about a month. No words were exchanged detailing the conditions of the loan. I did not tell him it was his responsibility to get them home. My bad. No words were exchanged in the lobby concerning the disposition of the borrowing, or the return of the item. Yes, it was very vague. I did not understand he was done with them. He did not say anything about it. He did not say ""thanks for the borrow"" or anything to that end. They were just slid across the table. Edit2: I'll take full responsibility for lack of communication. Not trying to make my son look like a dick, just trying to figure out where I went wrong. I assumed he'd know the rules of borrowing, and didn't communicate well. Edit3: When we got home and I thought to ask him for them, and he told me he didn't have them, I did not blow up and get angry. I merely stated they got left at the gym, and someone else probably has them by now. Edit and done: Ok, I get it, I'm the asshole. Lack of communication and all. There are precious few places for me to turn for advice and venting. I'll go back to my corner and think about how I should have handled this."
312,"AITA for parking in front of someone's house. [Here's the spot in question.] I parked between the fire hydrant's curb side yellow paint and the house's stairs. Seems innocent enough, but the catch is that I parked there for the 3-day 4th of July weekend. When I came back, I got this note on my windshield. > To [My-License Plate] > It is NOT okay to park in front of my house and then take the Metro. Your car blocked my lawn, and it made it very difficult for me to mow it. On top of that, when I went grocery shopping, I had to carry my groceries a long way because every parking spot near my house was taken. I shouldn't have to carry my groceries from a block away because you decided to park in front of my house. >While you were frolicking away this weekend, I was expecting a shipment of bricks, and because of your car, my project is delayed. The Metro built a huge parking lot for you guys, so USE it. Do NOT park in front of my house, asshole. Here's why I parked there: I just moved to that area for a summer internship, and I was going back home for the 4th of July weekend. I put the bus station I was using on my GPS and it lead me there, but it only lead me to a pedestrian walkway to the bus station. The pedestrian walkway starts in a residential area and all parking spots around the residential area are for cars with permit only. I drove around until the parking spots didn't require a permit and I parked in the first spot I found (in front of the house above). Once I got to the bus station, I obviously noticed that there's a huge parking lot, but I didn't have time to go back to my car and move it to the parking lot so I just headed to my bus instead. What do y'all think? Am I the Asshole?"
313,"AITA - Best Friend GroupChat So let me get into the background of the story. I'm in a Skype group chat with my best friends, guys ives known for all my life. I don't normally post much in it but when I do it seems like I get stupid response. Here is the situation. So I normally work out with a couple of friends in this chat and to find out the times we just text through there. Today I didn't really feel like going and tomorrow I had some stuff going on so I said in the chat ""what workouts did you do today and what are you doing tomorrow"" the responses I got was ""today we worked on tongue and tomorrow we are working on titties"" I wanted a legit response and didnt want to play around I said ""before serious for a second what are we doing tomorrow"" just got the same responses ""we are doing tongue and titties"" so now I'm a bit annoyed and tell them to fuck off and if they did it one more time that I'm going to leave the chat. So they said it again that they are doing titties, this time I knew they meant chest, so I said ""don't say you're doing titties say you're doing chest"" the guy responses ""I'm doing your mom"" and that's when I had enough off of it and left I couldn't stand it. I feel bad now for telling them to fuck off even though I know they were just playing aroynd. Did I over react? Tltr: In group chat, friends being annoying, told fuck off, feel bad"
314,"AITA for withholding this information from my roommate? So I recently graduated high school and I'm attending a program lasting all of July that helps ease students into college life. My roomate met a girl there whom she really likes, and he told me and his other friends that he intends to ask her out to be his girlfriend. Keep in mind they just met. However, this girl told me that she does not reciprocate these feelings. I'm afraid to disclose this to my roommate, and I'm extremely confused if I'm the asshole in this situation."
315,"AITA for intentionally leaving out two friends for lying to me about partying with other people? A little long, please bear with me: My friends from high school all came back recently for summer and we initially got together all the time. Now, I don't see some of them at all, and some I rarely get to see. This post is specifically about two friends (Ryan and Mike) who are keeping something from me that I completely know about. I used to hangout with another friend (Ash), but I don't keep in contact with him now. He's the kind of person who will be friendly around you, but will never want to talk to you or invite you to things if he doesn't need to/loses interest. He used to invite me to all his small events, but nowadays he is throwing parties constantly, and Ryan and Mike are constantly going. I knew this because Ash posts pictures on Snapchat, so I'm always seeing these. So on top of the fact that I don't get invited, I also have to tap through a photo collection featuring Ryan and Mike partying with Ash. The thing is, Ryan and Mike won't admit they're doing anything with Ash. I asked them what they did the day after the party, and they just say they did nothing. They're intentionally hiding the fact that they're going, and especially the fact that I don't get invited to their events. This hurts, because I asked Ryan if Ash does anything anymore, and he says that Ash hasn't been doing anything recently. They won't admit anything's happening, So this is where the AITA comes in: Lately I've been hosting movie nights, because Ryan once mentioned that he'd like to start them. At first, I was planning on having Ryan and Mike over for them, because I didn't yet know they were lying to me. Now, I only invite friends I made from college, as well as the few high-school friends who I still keep in contact with. I intentionally try not to invite Ryan and Mike. They might already know I'm doing this, but they haven't said anything about it. tl;dr - Am I the asshole for leaving out two friends from movie night because they don't want to admit they go party with someone whose intentionally leaving me out?"
316,"AITA for not paying back my ex? When I (28M) was dating my exgirlfriend (21F) I borrowed $90 from her. I then got dumped for my best mate and lied to for 8 months until a friend of hers told me. I offered to pay her back when we broke up and she said not to worry about it. We paid for each other's stuff all the time and consider it even. Three years later, last weekend, we were at the friends birthday and she tells me that I still owe her the money. Am I the asshole for not paying her back?"
317,"AITA Accepting nudes. Sorry if my story doesn't flow well. Let's start with some background story: Me and my ex (let's call her Amber) used to date 2-3 years ago for quite a long period, but it was never anything serious. A few weeks ago she started sending me nudes, trying to get my interest again. She looks good, and I am totally sexually attracted. However she ofcourse wants a relationship. I can't imagine myself loving her, heck I can't even imagine us holding hands. Simple reason for that she can be very embarrassing to hang out with, and our personalities are too different. Now I explained this to her, but she still keeps sending me nudes, because I show appreciating for them. (Why wouldn't I they look amazing?!) But at the end of the day she wants to get back together and I just like seeing nudes. Am I an asshole for giving her false hope? EDIT: I've told her she is a good looking girl and I appreciate her attempt, but I am in no way looking for a relationship, not now, not next week, never. It won't work period. I've told her this multiple times. She would stop for a few weeks and than suddenly sent them again, and I am not just talking about 1 or 2, but every single day atleast ~5. I don't want to hurt anyone's feelings, I've explained the situation, I ignored her pictures. It seems like she is aiming for a friends with benefits sort of relation, but I can clearly tell she wants more."
318,"AITA for not wanting to deal with my mom's cancer A little background first and apologies for length. But if you want more details I can provide. I'm 21 (just graduated college) and my brother is 17. My mom and I were estranged for about 8 years until very recently. The reason for this reconnection was that my grandma (mom's mom) was going through a lot of health issues and with death as a possible outcome, wished for everyone to set aside their grudges and get along. I do so to honor my beloved grandma and start talking to my mom again. A few months pass after we reconcile and we suddenly find out that my mom has stage 4 colon cancer. That same day she is going in for surgery and I book flight tickets to Texas for me and my little brother (who is fondest of her) ASAP. Some cousins and uncles also drive out there to see her. When me and my brother go see her she's happy and annoyed that we came to see her. Understandable, as it was expensive to rent a car and fly out next day. I let it pass because I know how cheap and selfless she can be. Whatever. But then she continues to lecture us about our life choices, like why I didn't become a doctor or nurse, that I should dump my boyfriend because he's into music, that my brother needs a haircut etc. I kind of let these comments pass. As in I don't snap at her like I usually do and just tell her that these are the decisions we made and are happy with it. These comments continue for the next five days while me and my brother are sleeping in the same hospital room as her sharing a cot. By the end of it I was glad to leave for my planned vacation, but I still replied to these comments civilly as I sadly realize she's lecturing us while she still can. And of course, she is polite and friendly to the cousins and uncles who showed up for one day. My little brother stays behind as the whole family thought it would be best for someone to stay with my mom for support. I was leaving for a planned trip, but was going to come back to Texas afterwards (~1.5 weeks). The cousins and uncles have work so they could not. Within a few days, I get a call from my mom complaining about my brother's behavior. I talk to him, and realize she was just exaggerating and causing a fuss. A day or so later I get texts from my brother complaining about how my mom is being really bitchy. Saying things like how her kids don't really love her and that she loves the cousins more than us, her kids. Then I get a text from her saying how I need to fly my brother out of there because he's bothering her and making her cancer spread faster. That was the last straw. I"
319,"AITA for blowing up at my father in a public place We are currently having a vacation with our whole family in Vietnam. About 3 nights ago my relatives including my father were drinking and when we were about to go to sleep and i was in my room, my father started an argument with my mother which he argued word for word ""you alway choose the kids over me"" and he kept rambling about how mother doesn't love him (which is bullshit btw) and wants to leaves for his aunt's house. My uncle wanted to sort this all out when my father makes some really asshole comments about his relationship with his wife but my uncle takes it and offers to calls a taxi but then some other things happen that i couldn't hear the rest but father just goes back to sleep and it that was it. Fast forward to last night my father was drinking again and want to leave for his aunt's house again. This time he comes to my room to tell me that he will no longer be my father that i am no longer his son and i was fine with that (he's a real asshole to the family) but after seeing my reaction, he then goes to my sister who's 12 to her that he will never come back. My blood boils just thinking about it i swear he just wanted to get back at my mother and he doesn't give a shit about us. After a lot of shouting my mother calls his aunt asking for her address so they could sent father there but what a surprise, his aunt didn't want anything to do with father and he goes back to sleep. This morning we went out to the mall as a family and father pretents nothing happenned last night and calls me son while hand me a hat, I wanted to kill him so fucking bad and i just pushed him away shouting at him. My mother then pulls me inside the mall and tell me to stop being an asshole and embarrassing the family in public. When we got back home, my mother tells me to forgive father because he's my father and he gave me life, raised me. This is pretty much how it's always been my father does something asshole and my mother forgives him because that's how he is. but this time the excuse is that there is a ghost or something possessed father and that why he's like that and some monks are coming to fix him. and the whole family thinks this, thats why everyone is tolerating him. I'm going off topic but does me blowing up on my father make me an asshole. tl:dr father disown me and my sister, has no where to go. Family forgets it ever happens and i'm the asshole for embarrassing the family by shouting at my ""sick"" father."
320,"AITA for not thinking my daughter's graduation from Pre-K is important? My daughter is having her Pre-K graduation in about a month. My wife said that she might cry at it. I mentioned that it is not a big deal to me, because she will still be going for a few weeks after it, and the big deal is her starting kindergarten. My wife said that it will be a big deal to our daughter. I told my wife that we will treat it like a big deal for her, but that I won't think it is. My wife sees it as a big progression, and I see it as a step. Am I the asshole for not thinking Pre-K graduation is a big deal?"
321,"i murdered a bird... it was a beautiful sunny day in my home state. kids are playing, the sky is blue, and the birds are chirping. I am walking down a grassy trail to the path i go running on. i am currently very focused on physical fitness thanks to r/ fitness, but that's off topic. i am strolling along when i almost step on a little helpless bird whose wing seemed to be broken. i gently cup him in my hands and begin to examine the poor little guy. his wing bones were protruding from his little broken wings and his feathers also seemed to be falling out. I'm no veterinarian, but this bird seemed to be in bad shape. all i know is that he couldn't preform his core function as a bird, which was to fly. the way i saw it i had 3 options, leave him, try to nurse him back to health, or to end his suffering. i contemplating leaving him. but with the extreme heat, and large feral cat problem my home town has, i felt like it would be too cruel to do to the little guy. another option would have been to bring the bird home and try to nurse him back to health. i seriously considered this option. he was very cute and i love animals. but i then thought about some other birds i tried to nurse back to health. in short, most of the birds i had tried this with had died within the first day and were in much better condition than this one. i had finally decided to end his misery. i cupped the little guy gently in my hands once again and sadly walked to a puddle. we had recently gotten a lot of rain so these puddles were fairly deep. i slowly lowered my closed hand and held the injured bird under. in under ten seconds, the bubbles stopped. i buried him in the best stone grave i could make with my bare hands and walked home feeling sick to my stomach. ill let you guys decide, am i the a*shole?"
322,"am I an asshole if I don't want to listen to my sister's advice? My sister pulled me out of a shitty living situation when I was 16 (she is quite a bit older than me) and I lived with her until I was 19. When I moved out of her place she was upset that I wasn't going to college and instead moved in with my gf half a state away. Now I'm 22 and she is still pushing the college issue and trying to get me to move back with her. I feel like I should do what she says because in a way she saved my life, or at least made it what it is today, but I just really don't want to go to college or live in the town she is in. I feel like an asshole"
323,"AITA For blowing up on my friends repeatedly? So me and a group of friends play league of legends very frequently and sometimes I get harassed and complained at for complaining about how the game we are in is going but then one of them, lets call him bob, complains about the same issue in the same manner as me but the others in the group laugh at it and back him up. Every time I've called bob out on this, I get harassed for being a dick and ruining their game. After this has happened, I end up just muting myself in Skype to try and alleviate some of the tension but then they get mad at me for not communicating the ""better"" way. Am I being an asshole or are my friends being assholes and playing favorites? Edit: The blowing up part comes when I get mad enough to just yell at them about it and start insulting them."
324,"AITA for being candid about something related to my former work where my former boss could see? Sorry, this is kind of serious and possibly boring...but I genuinely want to know if I made an asshole move. Husband says yes I should have known better. I used to work at a nonprofit that does work in India, and quit recently because they needed more time than I could give. I recently read ""Beyond the Beautiful Forevers,"" which is about life an a slum in Mumbai and a lot about the corruption in India. There is a part about the people in the slums using corrupt methods to get money from Western charities and use it for different purposes. According to this book, and in fact some of our experience doing business in India, bribes and corruption aren't just part of the fabric of the culture and economy there - they ARE the culture and economy, and it made me really question whether charity work can be done *at all* in the way we try to do it from the US. So I posted about it on FB (in a general sense, not mentioning my former job although everyone knows what it was and why the topic was interesting to me). Someone asked specifically about my former org, and I responded ""I have no idea...I have met the staff from India and they seem professional and like they are doing a good job, and we have checks and balances and good governance in place because we do have experience with corruption in India, but if EVERYONE is in cahoots, as it seems they are from this book, then there's no real way to know, is there?"" I was being honest. I wasn't a marketing person, don't do spin, and I was mostly just reacting to this very disturbing book in what I consider a somewhat personal, not professional venue. There were a lot of serious responses, including one from a friend who does mission work in Kenya, agreeing about the difficulty of working in a corrupt country where you really can't tell. So my former boss responds to that thread, asking if I'm doing drugs or drinking a lot in a really nasty, confrontational way, and I responded to her, all earnest, saying that the book was really disturbing and it was making me think a lot and reframe in my mind stuff that I thought was one way, but that could have been completely different...and she called me and yelled that I was saying to the whole world that everything she had been working on and for for the last 6 years was a lie. I tried to respond that no, I wasn't saying that *at all* but she was too pissed and hung up on me after saying some really nasty stuff. I tried to apologize and ended up deleting the entire post but I feel like shit. I don't use Facebook for professional stuff *at all,* even though they tried for years to make us post their marketing campaigns and"
325,"AMTA for photo bombing while biking? I live in southern california, an i live relivly close to a river bed that connects to the beach. I enjoy biking so i bike the riverbed to the beach and back. On my retuern i saw a man cycling ahead of me begin to take a selfie. I decide to trow a big ear to ear smile, and a middle finger. i sharply speed away. I understand im a bit of a dick but am i a asshole ?"
326,"AITA for not wanting to give tithes in church? I grew up in a christian household (in which I no longer believe in) but I go to church when I'm at home for college for the sake of my mum. As a rule the bible says to give 10% of your earnings to the church which I obviously don't want to do. I'm a poor college student trying to pay my rent and I've had to fight over and over with my mum over this BS bill or when ever the giving basket comes around to me I immediately pass it off. I'm tired of getting shit over this, but am I the asshole? I GOT BILLS DAMMIT!!"
327,AITA for being a dick to Amazon customer service when I was not being helped properly? [Link to chat log]
328,Am i the asshole for not talking to my friend after he made a facebook account in my name and cussed out all of my friends? In 2013 (around june) my friend and i got in to a fight over not letting him borrow 5 dollars so in return he made a facebook account claiming he was me. I didn't know about this until 3 days after when i received 17 text messages from my friends wanting to fight because he cussed them out with that account. I got everything cleared up with my friends and a couple of them beat him up but thats beside the point. i didn't talk to him even though he would text and even come to my house but i would ignore it. around august he stopped trying to talk but yesterday he texted me saying he was sorry and he wanted to come over i didn't reply. Am i the asshole?
329,"AITA for not bothering? Firstly, I know this might sound like a trivial matter but I feel that such a situation might reoccur in the future and I might as well heed some advice on whether what I did was okay or should I have done something different. So backstory: Me and one of my group of friends are a bunch of 'young adults' ranging from 18 years of age to 25, me being 20. We became friends via being in the same classes in our local Polytechnic. There is this guy whom I say call as 'Luke' who is the oldest among us. He have a rather poor habit of having poor time management and impatient too, meaning that he would frequently make us wait for him and would kick up a fuss if we don't while similarly kicking up a fuss if either one of us is late. Now I won't call this a big issue since I find the rest of my friends to have the same tendency too. Another thing is that Luke also dislike us meeting other friends instead of 'our group'. I feel that this sometimes put me in a tight spot because I like to hang out with my other group of friends and partner from time to time. The rest are sometimes given remarks for meeting their other friends too and are annoyed. At this point I should make it clear that he is not shy of making other friends and in fact has other social circles too that we do not bash him for when he meets them. So one day the last straw was had when another guy from the group (Let's call him 'Ben') decides to meet up with Luke for dinner. After waiting for 2 hours, Ben got fed up and left. This was the third time it happen and the group finally decided to ignore and separate away from him. As for me, I never dealt with the lateness before (He is always on time when meeting me and if he did happen to be late, he would offer to drive me home.) and his little remarks about me meeting others did not bother me at all as I myself understand that it is sometimes disappointing to see your friends choosing to meet others instead of you. So I continued to chat with him and meet up for lunch or supper from time to time. Now the issue: Ben's group now heard about it and seem to be upset about my 'betrayal' despite me still hanging out and eating with them the whole time. I told them that what Luke did wasn't an issue to me as he personally did not upset me in anyway and I do not want to break a friendship just because I had to choose a side. They seem to accept my stance on the matter but would keep on making remarks about me being friends with Luke. A month since it all started has passed and I am still spending my time with"
330,"AITA for wanting to be liked? My friend of 3 years hasn't been speaking to me a lot lately. I've been trying to keep in touch and hang out but gotten almost no response. Finally today, after a comment thread on FB with other people as well, he tells me we can't hang out one on one bc he's a guy and I'm a girl and he doesn't want to hurt his new girlfriend. He says it in a condescending way that implies he doesn't want to see me at all any more so I replied a little snarkily that I had been wanting to hang out in a group and that if he didn't want to be friends any more I would have appreciated prior notice before he started acting like this and ignoring my texts. I thought he was just being a little rude and it would blow over in five minutes. Then he proceeded to tell me that in fact he didn't want to be friends any more because I'm a bad influence on him. He says I am a flirt and that I enjoy the social influence that buys me. He also says I am manipulative and play mind games with people and have hurt a lot of my friends, and that it feels like I've been trying to keep him and his girlfriend apart. He gave me no specific examples of who I had hurt or what I had specifically said. I have been told that I come across as a flirt before, but my personality is just to be friendly with people and joke around and tease them-- I'm not being touchy-feely with them, or complimenting their appearance, or anything like that, just trying to be friendly and banter. But nobody except him has accused me of doing that on purpose to have more power over people or to hurt them. As for his relationship, I've let him literally cry on my shoulder about this girl. I've suggested before when they were broken up that maybe he should move on but told him that it was his decision to make and that I would support him no matter what. I will admit that I do work really hard to try and be a charming and well-liked person. I have tried to become better friends with ""cool"" people because I'm tired of being seen as a super weird girl and a loser. I don't think that I'm better than other people who are nerdy and stuff-- I freely admit I'm a huge nerd and most of my friends are as well. And those are the people I still spend the vast majority of my time with. I just really want to be liked, and honestly sometimes it feels like a break to be away from some of my friends who attract attention with their awkwardness. I know it's shallow of me. Sometimes when I do nice things I don't do them just because I want to be helpful, but because I want a better relationship with the"
331,"AITA For being pissed off at my landlord? I live with two other roommates in a three bedroom house. Our landlord is one of my roommate's uncles. My landlord has been roofing the house for the past two weeks. He has been here every single day. He gets here at 8am and sometimes doesn't leave until 7pm. There is massive dumpster in our driveway, so me and my roommate have to park in the street. I work early mornings (4am) and so i take a nap after I get off work. He is always here slamming on the roof, and it keeps me up. The only rationale i have for him is it IS HIS HOUSE but I DO PAY RENT to him every month. Am I the asshole?"
332,"AITA for wanting to punch an electrician in the face? I am 16, mixed Caucasian and Japanese, and working in a detail shop. My boss, who happened to be a close friend before he was my boss, likes to make Asian jokes every now and again. I don't really mind and play along most the time: ""Haha yeah keep talking and there won't be an iPhone 7!"" Yesterday, we had this electrician guys come get us these sick lights in our new shop. It's like multiple mini suns suspended in the shop, beautiful. Anyway, he probably overhears my boss making Asian jokes and decides to put his own input in now and again. ""Do ya ever have trouble pronouncing his last name? Got a windchime in here when ya do? Ching chong!"" (My dad is white so I have a white last name) ""Do ya want me to find a white guy to work for ya? This Asian isn't even working hard! He ain't sweatin'!"" ""I can't read this. Can't your Asian read this Chinese on this here instruction manual?"" There were many more. I had earplugs in and pretended not to hear any of this. AITA if I'm mad, even though in a way I brought it on myself?"
333,"AMITA for calling out my GF's friend for stealing money from me? This is actually a mutual friend who was in town visiting. She had recently been laid off (trip was booked before) so my GF and I had agreed to cover some costs for her while she was here. We picked up meals, transportation costs, tickets to whatever we were doing...etc.... We also let her crash at my place, which meant no alone time with the GF. I live in a big city and sold my car a couple months ago. This friend knew it was going to be mostly public transit and walking during our adventures, yet she complained every time. Eventually she started to suggest taking a Lyft ride because she had free rides with them. On two different occasions after we had used her Lyft, I handed her money forgetting that she had the free rides. She took the money on both occasions. My GF claims thats on me for forgetting and the friend just took money when offered. I think it's low as hell to except money from someone when you didn't pay for anything, and you're putting them up and covering costs for things. Am I the asshole?? **EDIT** This was more of a morals question for me. Not so much about whether she is a thief, or what word to use to describe her or the actions ( not ""stealing"" because I handed her the money). Also, there was never a face to face confrontation with the friend. I pointed it out to the GF later and it started the fight. I honestly didn't know so much importance was put on the definition of the word stealing, or thief. Let me phrase it like this...... Is it a dick move to accept the money?? **Edit 2** : Thank you everyone for your opinions and participating in the conversation. **TL;DR** GF's friend had free Lyft rides. After we used them I forgot they were free, gave her $$, she took it. All while she is crashing at my place and buying meals/drinks/tickets for her."
334,"AITA for pretending to video people being jerks? Say I see someone engaging in what I consider antisocial behavior (smoking in front of a hospital, parking in front of a wheelchair ramp, throwing trash out of a car window, starting a fight), and take out my phone and point it at them, and _pretend_ like I'm trying to get their identity on video. How bad is that? To be clear, I would never actually post a video like this if you could tell the person's identity. I think that public shaming is wrong: the ""punishment"" should fit the ""crime"", and posting it publicly invites overreaction. But I think these people could stand to be a bit more introspective about their actions that impact other people, and yeah maybe even a little ashamed. I know ideally I should be less passive aggressive and talk to them. But that's not always possible, like if they're driving off at the time, and it certainly doesn't feel as effective. Thanks."
335,"AITA for not telling my grandparents I'm an atheist? I usually stay with my grandparents on weekends and during my summer break, and they are devout Christians, as is most of my family. Up until about 3 years ago, I was a Christian as well. However, I still go to church with them out of respect for them and fear of what could happen if they knew I was an Atheist. Am I an asshole in this situation? Edit: Wording."
336,"AITA for not wanting to play the improv game the birthday boy wanted? So my boyfriend, Frank, and I drove down for his best friend's birthday celebrations. I genuinely like the best friend, he's my favorite of Frank's buddies. Let's call him Mike. Mike was pretty ambivalent about his birthday, was down to do whatever. He was open to suggestions and we all kept making him choose things like dinner locations and such. For this birthday, after dinner and cake, he wanted us all to do an improv acting game. It was pretty much doing improved reenactments of stories friends told. Nobody in the group (all of which were people I hadn't met prior to today) besides Frank and Mike have ever done improv classes or shown interest in being in theatre. I felt collective discomfort with how the group wasn't into doing scenes, some were quite vocal about it. We all did it anyway. I wanted to be supportive of what Mike wanted to do but at the same time felt like it was tune death to having fun. This was seriously the only thing he wanted to do so I felt extra bad for feeling so negative. I tried really hard to be a good sport but at the same time was getting really annoyed with this being pushed on me. I stayed quiet for most of it. I'm probably more bothered by this than usual because when Frank and I hang with Mike, we usually end up doing improved skits and plays they write on the spot. It's just not my cup of tea. But then again, it's the guy's birthday and the only real thing he wanted to do! Is it really bad that I was a spoilsport? Apparently with how bad at acting and improv, it probably wasn't very hard to figure out I wasn't having a good time. Happy to provide more details if needed! So AITA? Thanks for any input. Edit: If it helps with context, we are all recent college grads."
337,"AITA for not taking my boss' shift on my night off? I woke up earlier from a long nap @ ~11:10PM (our shifts start at 12:00AM) to my boss texting me asking me to cover his shift due to an injury and that he is in the hospital. Now, my boss calls into work at least once a week or once every two weeks, especially on Saturday nights once in a while -- like earlier tonight. There have been times where I had to come in and cover for him **and** times where he didn't come in when I'm already coming in (causing me to have overtime). I've been always saying, ""Yes, I'll cover you."" Also, I always have doubts and never have good faith in call outs. I mean, if you're in the hospital, why wouldn't have he given me more notice time? Despite all my doubts, my boss is actually a pretty cool and funny guy and we get along great. I did not want to come in because he texted/called me on such short notice, I don't like my job, I accepted a promotion ~4 months ago and haven't received any sort of pay rate increase, makes me depressed, I contemplate putting my two weeks notice almost everyday, and I just wanted to enjoy my night off by sleeping, playing *Minecraft*, and mainly not working. Anyways, I was sitting on my computer ignoring his texts/calls deciding whether or not I want to cover his shift. Then @ ~11:30PM he texts me, ""Fuck it, don't worry, man."" I guess it only took him ~20 minutes to get out of the hospital to work the shift he's supposed too. I haven't responded to his texts or calls at all tonight after he sent me that."
338,AITA for meeting a few friends at a bagel shop to find that they were a couple people ahead of me in line and moving up to join them?
339,"AITA for requesting to get paid early because im not working for the week I am doing a little side work cleaning a garage and moving the stuff from the other garage to the one Ive been cleaning. Its a straight cash for hours worked deal. Ive finished cleaning and am waiting for the electrician can come and wire in the lights so i can begin moving stuff in, so this week i wont be working at all. On friday i asked if i could get paid tomorrow. My boss said thats not how a real jobs work you cant just get paid early and you should wait till you finished the job. Am i the asshole for wanting to get paid before the jobs done or am i in the right. Keep in mind this man owes me a fair share of money already, since Ive worked approximately 50 hours at 10 dollars a hour and im waiting for him to call me once these light are wired to finish working."
340,AITA For ending a friendship? I switched schools my senior year and one of my first friends was a girl names Dee she was a junior. We became really good friends throughout the year. But I ended up dating her best friend for about 5-6 months and it ended poorly. Me and Dee both agree her best friend is a bad person and is crazy but they are best friends because they have been for so long and Dee won't stand up for her self. I'm going off to college and have been working a lot this summer and haven't seen Dee in a month so I asked her to hangout with me for my last day off this summer. I went kayaking with 2 other friends and me and Dee had agreed to hangout afterwards for what we both knew would possibly be the last time we would see each other. I got done kayaking texted her and she took 40 minutes to respond then said that she was with my ex. I FREAKED and basically told her she can go fuck herself and to never make any form of contact with me again. It's been about 2 weeks and I don't regret the situation or what I did at all should I? She was very apologetic and I was having none of it. Also she said my ex just showed up at her house. But we used to be each others best friends and this was potentially our last time to hangout and this was something that mattered to me.
341,"AITA for asking a girl to tell me she hates me? Fell in love with a girl in college. She had boyfriend. After college confessed to her, no idea if she was still with her boyfriend but I know that they at least talk. She said she wanted to focus on work. I respected that. One fine day I found out from somewhere that she's going to university. I broke. Told her again how much I loved her but wanted her happy, so I wouldn't bother her ever again if she told me to. I told her to tell me she hates me so I could bring myself to go away. She stayed quiet, stopped responding to messages. Finally said, I'm super busy, don't want to talk about it now. Will let you know when I do. She hasn't spoken to me for a while and isn't pushing me away. I think I should walk away but I can't, not while there's hope. I want to tell her off."
342,"AITA for refusing to get dressed in defiance? This happened quite a long time ago, probably my first semester of university when I roomed with several European transfer students. I hated them all. They were noisy and excessive. Two of the three were bisexual and tried to get me to sleep with them on more than one occasion, but that's just so you know who I was dealing with. They partied a lot and listened to techno and invited me to do weird expensive shit, you know european stuff. So I was cool with them but I made it a point that they can't just keep bringing random people back to the room any time they feel like it. This would not have been a problem if they didn't do it constantly. So one morning I get out of the shower and I throw on my towel on, I turn on the TV, I eat breakfast. Norway walks in with the resident assistant who he's sleeping with while Im in a towel and Im like *fuck it*. I told him to knock first anyway. This is his fault. If they are uncomfortable they can leave. So Im sitting there and they act like I am now invading their space but I refuse and the next day I get called to the resident manager (or whatever you call it) to say I was harassing the RA. I never got in trouble but i was always pissed off about the situation. Am i the asshole?"
343,"AITA for making change in a tip jar Today I went to Cold Stone located in a food court with several other food vendors with my coworker and a “buy one get one free” coupon (yay!!!). There was only one person working the counter when we got there, but no line so we decided to have a couple of samples. While we were, the line grew and my anxiety at holding up the line with it. So we order our ice creams and pay, the total was less than four dollars and I paid with a 20 and received 3 fives. The guy at the counter immediately started helping the next customer so I didn't have the chance to ask him to make change. My coworker didn't have change either but I'm insane about tipping so I couldn't really let that lie. I saw there were a couple of ones in the jar already so figured, hey, $3 is a generous tip, but it makes me feel better than no dollars, so I threw a five in and grabbed the two ones and walked out of the Cold Stone area. What’s this? A wild do-gooder eating at a different place across the food court appears! “Excuse me; you wanna put that money you took back in the jar?” I tried to explain to him that I made change because the guy was busy but he wouldn’t listen and over and over kept telling me to put the money back. I tried to show him the contents of my purse and I asked him if he wanted to go talk to the Cold Stone guy with me and he said no, just for me to put the “wad” of cash back. Looking back I should have just walked away, but I was pretty mad. I walked back in to the Cold Stone area just so that the Cold Stone guy would know that I did in fact tip him and he looked in the tip jar and said he trusted me and I walked back out. As I walked out it was to people congratulating this Good Samaritan and I kid you not, light applause. Now I can appreciate what it may have looked like I was doing, but it really bothers me that he would accuse me and then do no further investigation even though I was ready and willing to provide him with evidence and that he gets to go home thinking that he won the day for the good and the righteous and I get to go home hoping that he got into a terrible accident that left him disfigured, but alive (though what kind of quality of life he can expect I’m not willing to speculate). So, in all my efforts to not be an asshole, was I the asshole? **TL;DR** Got accused of stealing, tried to explain myself, left in shame to the applause of onlookers"
344,"AITA for bringing up another persons death. This all took place in about 2 mins. My Step dad began a conversation about an aunt I didn't know dying today. He called her (quote ""old and tired out""). Earlier today I remember reading about a celebrity dying today also. So after he stops talking I begin to speak about the celebrity who died. Then they all look at me like I killed a dog. They yell at me about how he was telling a story, and how inappropriate it was for me too speak about something else. After yelling at me, they make me do the dishes after dinner. A little background: I work 4-5 days a week at subway for minimum wage with awful customers so after a long day I'm tired of doing dishes and make sandwiches for ungrateful people. Sorry I started a rant. AITA? Edit: Sorry for formatting I'm on mobile"
345,"AITA because this woman's daughter pissed on her? I was at the movie theater, and I needed to use the restroom. I went into the ""family"" restroom since I feel more comfortable using it than the women's or men's restroom. And I was in there for 5 minutes tops. When I come out, there's a woman standing at the door, calling me and asshole for using the family room when I don't have any kids. Apparently, her toddler daughter had wasn't well potty-trained and had a few-minute window of time to get a toilet, and ended up peeing through her mom's shirt because I was in there. I walked off, but then after using the bathroom, she found me in the concessions line and decided to call me an ass again. I told her it was her own decisions that led to this and not mine, and she told me ""fuck you"" and walked off. AITA for using the family restroom?"
346,"AITA for speaking up at a bar? So last night I was out at a bar with my girlfriend, had a couple of drinks but nothing crazy. To set the stage this bar is very small, there's a bar down the one side (like the physical bar with the Taps and bar stools), a small one person wide lane to walk through, and two person tables along the wall. Pretty tight space, and so seating is at a premium. Towards the end of the night we were ready to go and my girlfriend went to the washroom while I got up to pay the bill. We both left our coats on the backs of our chairs, and our empty glasses were on the table. I come back from paying the tab and my chair is gone and my coat has been thrown (or placed nicely, I don't know I wasn't there) onto the table. The table behind us now has a third chair, with a new person sitting in it. Presumably the friend of the people already sitting there. Now, we were leaving at this point anyways but I was annoyed that my coat had been moved and the chair had been taken, because it could have been just as likely that I had gone to get another drink instead of paying to leave. (bar service only) so I got the guys attention and told him that I happened to be leaving but in the future he probably shouldn't take chairs that have coats on them because they're clearly taken. He tried to give the chair back, and I told him not to worry about it because I didn't need it anymore I was leaving, just that he probably shouldn't take chairs from tables that are clearly in use. He then told me that if I didn't want the chair back that I should have just left him alone, and that I was being an asshole. I didn't want to start a confrontation so I just told him to be sure next time, at which point he flipped me off so I blew him a kiss. At that point I left with my girlfriend and he yelled at her that her boyfriend was an asshole. Maybe I didn't need to say anything, but I still think he needed to know it's not cool to just move the belongings of strangers to get a chair. Maybe I'm the asshole?"
347,"AITA for texting ""Fuck you"" to my friend due to his constant girlfriend excuse So a group of 4 of us guys have been friends since kindergarten, we are all going off to college next month. I'm possibly moving in 2nd semester with the friend who I texted this to. Us 4 guys had a lot of built up anger about things that have very little to do with this post, so I'll skip most of it. Due to our anger and lack of communication with all of us, we organized a meeting a couple of weeks ago to talk out our issues with each other. At this ""meeting"" I told my friend that it's annoying that I can't talk to him when he is constantly texting his girlfriend, because it's in one ear and out the other. Every single time I am with him he is texting his girlfriend, and whatever she has to say is always more important that the people he is with. She's a junior in high school and to me, is very clingy. I wish I could communicate just HOW OFTEN HE TEXTS HER, even when he is with me and the rest of our group. Anyways, at this meeting he agreed with me and promised to stop and that he would live in the moment with his friends, and not constantly be texting her. I guess that went in one ear and out the other because last night we went to see the movie Southpaw (one of the best movies I've ever seen, might I add) and he was texting her the whole fucking time! Every 5 seconds I would see his screen light up, and he would tap away texting her back. I called him out on it after the movie and he claimed that he only did it during the boring parts. I was especially bothered because I paid for his movie ticket. I always buy for him because he can't afford the things we do, and I can. His constant texting of her, even after we have spoken about it, annoys the shit out of me. So today he texted me asking if I wanted to go to dinner tonight. I told him sure. Five minutes later he texted back saying that his girlfriend's parents thought he was going with them tonight, so he told me that he couldn't have dinner tonight, and tried to make it funny. I replied with a ""Fuck you"" and ""You're a dick."" and he replied with two texts, one saying ""Okay"" and the other saying ""My bad, I'm sorry I thought I wasn't going to."" Perhaps I was being too hard but it might be part of this built up anger that his girlfriend takes priority over everything that is happening at a given time. Asked him after the movie what he was doing this weekend, he's going to hang out with his girlfriend every night this weekend. It's annoying the shit out of me. He always says ""If it's a real relationship, then it will last."""
348,"AITA because I want to keep the front door locked less often? My roommate wants to keep the front door locked a lot more often than I do and I think it is excessive, really inconvenient, and annoying. Here is all the **relevant information**: * We live in a city with a population of about 42,000. In 2013, the burglary rate was 0.85%. * [Here] is the historical burglary rates compared to the US Average for our city. * We live on the **3rd** floor of an apartment building that has three apartments per floor. (Passers by are much less likely to climb several flights of stairs to burglarize us.) * We know all of the neighbors on our floor. * Our apartment has a gate that has a lock on it, but the lock on the gate is currently disabled so the mailman can deliver mail. (But to a passerby, they can't really tell if it is locked or unlocked. * We have a security camera that faces the front door from inside the apartment that records upon motion detection and stores the video offsite. (To the apartment next door.) * We have an alarm system that detects when the door is opened and sounds an alarm and notifies the apartment occupants' mobile devices when the door has been opened. The alarm has to be armed for it to do this. * My roommate has a computer setup which I'll generously estimate the value at $2000 and a bike which I'll also generously value at $500. * I've offered to reimburse him for the value of anything that would get stolen if we were to get robbed. (I'm confident this would never happen.) **My philosophy on locking the door** Appropriate times to lock the door: * No one is in the apartment *and* we are not next door in the neighbors apartment. (Note: our neighbors apartment door is literally 1 step from our front door.) * Everyone in the apartment is sleeping. **My roommates philosophy on locking the door** Appropriate times to lock the door: * If you're going to leave the apartment for more than two minutes, even just to go next door to our neighbor's apartment, lock the door. * Everyone in the apartment is sleeping. I do not want to have to lock the door every time I need to go borrow a cup of sugar from our neighbors. It is excessive and annoying. My roommate says this about why he wants to lock the door so much: >The time and effort it takes me to lock the door is much less costly in terms of time and money if we were to get robbed. >The security system doesn't matter, because someone could still walk in and damage something. **People shouldn't let fear dictate their habits to this degree.** Am I justified in being annoyed and is my door locking schema appropriate?"
349,"AITA for being harsh on my friend in this conversation? Screenshots inside. http://imgur.com/a/rUmOf I was mad that he tried to start a fight, but now that I look back on it, I feel like I may have been too harsh. Edit: I think I butchered the link, here's another one in case the first one was out of order: http://imgur.com/a/l8Rr7"
350,"AITA for expecting a full drink when I order one with no ice? Starbucks has a tea I like a lot, and I have been ordering it with no ice. Every time I've done this, I have gotten a full cup in the size I ordered of the tea. Today, however, the person behind the counter actually ended up giving me a 2/3-full cup in the next size down, so ""it doesn't look so bad."" In other words, only the (approximate) amount of tea I would otherwise get, minus the ice. If he put it in the trenta-sized cup, it would have been less than half full. AITA for thinking I should get a full cup of tea if I order it with no ice? This stuff isn't made of unicorn piss, is it?"
351,"AITA for doing a house for sale walkthrough without being preapproved for a loan? I'm in the beginning stages of wanting to buy a house. There's a house close by that is way over priced, but it's what I'd like to buy. I'm not preapproved for a loan or anything yet, but I'd like to do a walkthrough. There's no open houses scheduled for the house. Am I an asshole for very likely wasting a realtors time to do a walkthrough of the house at this early a stage?"
352,"Startup troubles with a friend I really feel like an asshole at the moment. Thank God reddit has a subforum for everything. I began developing software with my best friend (who I live with) around a year ago. We put lots of time and effort in and are now at a critical point. We have only a few weeks of money for rent and food and the software isn't ready. I don't think we have time to finish it (and it may never be finished) but my partner thinks we do. I believe that our views have diverged significantly because of one thing: My partner does not believe he has any options other than getting this to work...he doesn't want a ""real"" job nor believes that he could get one. I, on the other hand, am fairly sure I could find a decent job if I dedicated the next month or so to applying rather than working on this software. My decision to walk away essentially ruins him, which is why I have hesitated to make what I believe is clearly the right decision for me. He is working extra hard and I am losing the motivation to put in work at all. I know I am the asshole here...I'm just not sure how big. I felt like I needed to get this off my chest."
353,"Roommate moved his girlfriend and dog in for a month and his outraged when I asked to split the rent 3 ways. *edit- Was supposed to read, ""is outraged"" in title. I'm in a 2 bedroom apartment with a roommate. Our lease is up in 2 days and his plan was to move out and find a place with his girlfriend. My plan was to move out and find another roommate. Last week he sends me a text saying he's staying another month. This is ok for me since I hadn't nailed down a new roommate or place yet either. Monday night (2 days ago) I come home from work to find our place chock full of moving boxes and new furniture. His girlfriend, who got evicted from her other place, is suddenly here living his room with the rest of her stuff strewn out throughout the apartment. AND her dog. He didn't tell me because he, ""didn't think I'd care."" Today, nearing the end of the month, I wanted to confirm we're splitting the rent 3 ways. They can both afford it; she's actually the one with the job in the relationship (he has GI bill military income each month). He told me there was no way in hell that was happening because she's his guest and not a tenant. I surveyed the massive piles of boxes and gestured but that only set him off further. Anyway, apparently that's the end of the discussion. Am I the asshole here? ---- Update - She just got home and said the same thing he did. Visit to the leasing office first thing tomorrow. ---- Update 2, 7/30/15 10:50am I asked the leasing office to please send me a copy of the contract as they weren't open yet this morning when the stopped by. The lovely lady very quickly accommodated and sent over the fine print. I mucked through the legalese and found these two exciting clauses: ""**34. PETS:** No pets are permitted without the prior written consent of the Landlord. Any such consent may be revoked at any time, with or without cause, by giving ten (10) days written notice. Except to the extent written permission is given, pets may not be brought upon the Premises, whether such pets belong to Resident(s) or to any other person. **The presence of any pets as to which written permission has not been given and is not currently in force, even if such pets are ""just visiting"", shall be deemed a material and incurable breach of this Lease and shall be cause for the service of a three-day notice terminating the tenancy.** This policy does not apply to service animals."" ""**Visitors** Tenant acknowledges that his guests are his responsibility that they will park in only designated parking areas and that they will adhere to all the apartment rules. Visitors are limited to a 5 days day stay. Visitors staying longer than 5 days days must notify Management in writing."" Checkmate. ---- Update 3, 7/30/15 4:00pm Roommate obviously noticed the signs of me packing up and asked"
354,"AITA For my defensive transgender reddit ""argument"" My comments are heavily downhearted."
355,"AITA For Quitting My Job Over a Botched Deal? This is basically what happened. The General Manager and I struck a deal for me to stay working at Popeyes as a cook. I was going to quit, but we are so understaffed that the GM wanted me to stay, until a replacement was found. The deal (which was made by the GM), was that I would need to stay working there, until a replacement was found, and in return, I would get a third day off and a raise of 35 cents. For four weeks straight I got the third day off, but not the fifth/last week I'd work there. That fifth week was a day that we would have an inspection done by the owner of the restaurant and a couple other people. Without telling me that I would need to work an extra day that week, the GM puts me to work for five days. This wouldn't have been a problem, if it was the first time this happened. When I saw the schedule on Monday, it was still being reworked, but I did see my name and the times I would work. I thought that he was working on it, so I didn't really think much of it. The next day I worked, I noticed that he hadn't changed a single thing from what I had seen the day before. I thought that it was odd, that he would do this, since it was a deal that he made the conditions for. The whole time I worked that day, I couldn't stop thinking about the reason he could have gone back on the deal, without telling me. I assumed it was because of the Inspection we were having. This eased my mind until I remembered that I had done a deal with him before, that he went back on, after the fourth week. This knowledge made me think hard of the last time. I started to think of the pattern that these two shared. Four weeks of him going through with the deal, not getting it the fifth week, getting it again on the sixth week, and then never getting it again after that. This realization made me believe that it was going to happen again. I didn't want it to, so after a day of talking about it with my family, I decided that I would quit at the end of the week. The next time I worked, I told every co-worker that I was going to leave at the end of the week and why I was doing it. (I wanted to have a nice goodbye between me and the other workers that I enjoyed working with.) I also asked them to do me the favor of not telling the GM I was leaving till my last day. I did this since I didn't believe that the GM deserved a heads up about me quitting, since he went back on the deal. I did this until my last day. On the morning of my last day, I"
356,"AITA: For joking that my slightly mentally handicapped neighbor should win a Darwin award? Back story: My slightly handicapped 5 year old neighbor was swimming in our pool. He was being a dick to my 4 year old sister that particular day ( Even for his state he knew better than to act the way he was). He had these toy boats and of course, he was not sharing. The situation: His mother took the boats from him and said ""I don't want you to get hurt running with 'sharp' objects"". I turned to my dad and said "" Well he might win a Darwin award for running with them"". So, am I the asshole?"
357,"AITA for being mad against my friend and my ex because they started frequenting eachother Hi everyone, I was in a relationship with this girl for almost 2 years when we broke up. We broke up respecting eachother and then we both had 2-3 weeks of great solitude. After those weeks, I started feeling lonely and texted her back. We talked and she told me she wasn't that much interessed in me but she still wanted to see me and everything. We end up seeing eachothers and she tells me she finds my long time friend attractive and that they text alot. I am surprised but she ends up saying that she wants to try again with me. This of course wasn't true even after she told me she loved me and that I was the one. My friend, who is the guy that almost created (I can't find a better word, I'm french lol) my relationship with her by putting up opportunities for us to meet and such, has now seen her and kissed her, while telling me that there was nothing between him and her. I also know that he feels bad about this because he confessed everything yesterday. (he told me something like: I am not myself when I'm with her and I feel lame etc, but he never said he was sorry wich is understandable) I also know that he is in desperate need of love/sex because he got choked alot of time during his teenage years. AITA for being mad against both of them, am I just needy or is it truly a dickhead move of him?"
358,"AITA For being mad at my ex for talking to someone new. i was with my ex girlfriend for just over 2 months and loved every second. But, decided to put an end to the relationship because I didn't think I was mature or ready enough for a relationship like that. Fast forward 3 weeks and my cousins girlfriend is still very close with my ex, they decide to come out and hang out with my cousins and me. She acts like she still likes me, and I still like her but I don't tell her this. We kissed and made out a lot. But I told her most of these were down to being on high on laughing gas. I didn't tell her I loved everyone one of them. I decide I want a relationship with her again and that I love her. I went on holiday and thought about it constantly. I come back and see her, she lets me go on her phone and find messages to a friend who goes the same place we always go. She is talking to him about turn ons. This crushed me and all weekend she has put off telling me and finally tells me that she wants to be with him. After less than 3 days of speaking. She say she doesn't want to hurt me or lose me but she has done. I want this girl back, any advice and am I the asshole."
359,"AITA for insisting my husband tell me what was going on after he told.me he needed to talk to me I am at my parents' house this week visiting and he had to return to work. I get a text message asking if I was busy because he needed to talk to me privately. I hear this and it makes me very nervous. I was busy, my mom and I were just going to lunch with the kids, but I called him because it sounded important. When he answered the phone he sounded really upset. When I asked why he said forget about it and we would talk when we had more time. I have aniexty disorder and he knows that if he tells me he needs to talk to me and then doesn't tell me what is going on I get very nervous. I asked to him to please tell me. I was worried something happened between him and his mom (she can be difficult to deal with at times), or something had happened to his 91 year old grandfather, or something happened to the new car. There were so many different things it could be and I was worried about it. He tells me to forget it. I tell hi. He can't just tell me we need to talk and the refuse to talk. He even went as far as hanging up on me. I called him back and begged him to please tell me. I was getting angry at this point. I told him I would be panicked all day if he didn't let me know what was happening. He gets really angry at me. He tells me he got his blood work back and has to go on Lipitor. He tells me I am too pushy and am an asshole for pushing him when he was going through such a difficult time. I told him I was sorry, but he was the one who wanted to talk and he couldn't tell me there was a problem and then just leave me hanging. I told him I love him and I just want to support him and we can figure out how to handle this. He gets mad and says he doesn't want to talk now because I had been too pushy and he couldn't deal with me right then. I did send him a text apologizing, but I told him I was very worried and I just needed to know what was going on. We have already started eating better because I recently was told I have celiac and can't eat wheat or gluten and we have been eating things like quinoa and more vegetables in place of certain foods. I will help him through whatever he has to do to get healthier. I don't want to make this about me, I was just very concerned for him. Plus, he was the one who said we needed to talk. Tl;dr: husband texts that we need to talk privetly if I am not busy. I tell him I am"
360,"AITA for being angry at my mum? My Mum is all about veganism and organic living and all that. I'm 17 and so still live at home, I can't buy or eat anything she doesn't agree with or she'll flip out. I understand her whole thinking behind it all and in a perfect world it would be fine. But since she has 4 kids and is a single parent, she doesn't have the most income and often borrows money from us. Vegan and organic alternatives of things can cost 3 times the price of normal products. I have always felt that she's kind of selfish for saving to buy the 'right' food instead of just buying a cheaper option and having more money for other things."
361,Aita for not giving to those in need? I make decent money. I don't give any money or time to people who desperately need it. Does that make me an asshole?
362,"Am i the asshole for keeping a dog i know is my neighbors, since it was in very bad health. Hello reddit, I recently had a small beagle puppy come to my porch (living the country, this isn't a rare thing considering beagles are used often for hunting), but never has a puppy came. She was skinny(ribs showing), flea riddled and had no collar. I took her inside to bath her, fed her, and cleaned her ears(Looked like that was the first time), and she has been my little pal for a few days now, but i recently saw that my neighbor had put on Facebook that they were missing a female beagle puppy. Now, in any other case i would immediately return the dog(have many times for other neighbors) but if this little dog was only lost for a few hours and she was in the condition she was in, I don't think i should return her. I move out of my parents house soon into my own, and i think ill just take her with me and make her a pet, not a tool. So, am I the asshole for keeping the dog or not?"
363,"AITA for not picking up my sister from the bus depot? In the interest of better posts, and because this incident caused an absolutely gigantic fight... Last winter, my sister came to visit from out of town. The bus she usually takes normally arrives a little after midnight. In the past, either myself, or more typically my husband, go to pick her up. The bus depot is only a fifteen minute walk from my home, but since it's late at night, we don't like her walking alone. We've done this maybe 7 or 8 times prior. On the night in question, a few things were different. First, my husband and I were both very ill with a cold, and we were both taking Nyquil/Sudafed/whatever we could find. Second, a blizzard had made the roads very treacherous, and we hadn't yet had the opportunity to put the winter tires on the truck. Because I found it unsafe and unwise for either of us to drive tired, sick, on drugs, during a blizzard, I texted my sister earlier that evening and asked if she would please take a cab instead. She said no problem. Cue my mother calling me ten minutes later in an absolute fury. She accuses my husband and I of being horribly selfish and cruel for leaving my sister alone at the bus depot when we could so easily drive and get her. I explained my position and reasoning, but she was livid and wanted to hear none of it. I asked what damn business was it of hers, when this entire exchange was between my sister and I to begin with. This... did not help defuse the situation. The conversation devolved into a screaming match and we ceased speaking to one another for some days. When my sister found out, she was shocked, and felt very torn between my mother and I. We've since smoothed things over, but my mother still maintains her position, and I believe I was correct. So, who (if anyone) was the asshole?"
364,"AITA for always linking Snopes and other fact-based sources when I see a post on Facebook that is entirely fraudulent? More and more I have come across a posts on Facebook that are incorrect or downright fraudulent. I don't ever do this for matters of opinion, but I will do it for posts that are clearly fake, such as [this] to which I replied with [this] I just get really really frustrated when people deliberately spread misinformation and don't fact check anything before sharing it. Am I the asshole?"
365,Am I an asshole for constantly lying to my mother? so i basically signed up for the marching band. i really liked it at first then it just became shitty. and speaking of shitty that is the excuse i use every time i don't want to go. it really sucks i have to lie to my mom but she just wont let me quit. Am I The Asshole?
366,"AITA for drunk banging my best friend's Ex? A couple days ago I went over to my mate's house for a little kickback. A few other people were there, including an Ex of his. They were on good terms, or so I thought (Why would she be invited if she wasn't?). Anyway we all have a bit too much to drink and next thing I know I'm making out with this girl. Me and this girl were never super close, but we definitely had history. Mostly through the mutual friend hosting the party. Things got out of hand, one thing led to another, you get the picture. After the party she leaves the next day for some family vacation. Now, he wouldn't outright say he was mad. Initially when I told him he said it was ""fucking hilarious"" and that he actually wasn't mad. I believed him and agreed to chill with them the next day. I hang out with my friend and his new girlfriend, and they're both giving me a lot of shit for having sex with his Ex. Making jokes in really bad taste, asking really prodding details (He knows I don't like bragging about any sort of escapades). Not your typical ""How'd it go"" shit, but like really personal questions. Like to the point where they're actually making uncomfortable and having me look for an excuse to leave. I don't regret what I did, but I felt like I could've gotten the OK from him before all this happened. In that regard, I may be the asshole. But the way he acted towards me was inexcusable. Seriously unlike I've ever seen him in our six years of being best friends. It was backhanded, mean, and so unlike the guy I know. The only reason I could see him being so upset over this situation is if he wasn't over his Ex. Him and the new girlfriend of his have talked about moving in together, and his Ex was at the party by invitation. Was I the asshole for doing what I did based on the situational queues?"
367,"AIAA, Disabled CSGO player who found another ""disabled?"" player Hello everyone, So in order to make since you need a bit of backstory. I am a sixteen year old with very, very mild Cerebral Palsy. While playing games I am often accused of either being intoxicated(high, drunk, etc) or faking it to gain attention as my voice tends to be right on the line of disabled and not(still not sure if that's a good or bad thing) Well anyways, I join a competitive match of Counter Strike, and this guy on my team begins to speak, but the twist was, he sounded just like me(maybe a little worse.) So I sent him a private message and simply asked him ""Hey are you disabled, I mean no respect as I am too."" Keep in mind he had already heard me in game and therefor understood the fact that I am actually disabled. I have no problem with people who are genuinely curious about my voice, however I do become annoyed when I am called names referred to earlier. So, Am I A/The Asshole"
368,"AITA for reporting two colleagues of mine to my manager? I was working a 4-9 shift in the shop I work in, along with three other members of staff, a team leader (TL) and a manager. I was working the tills, which in my shop is a long desk with three tills on it. The space behind it isn't particularly big, about 1.2m (4ft) wide at a guess. This gets used for returned items, as a holding area for big/bulky/heavy stuff customers want (saves them carrying it round) and so on. It is my job at the end of the day to ensure this area is as clear as possible (particularly for health and safety reasons). **Person 1** I'll call him N. He was working the main floor section and started at the same time as I did. Now we have an internal phone system where each section has its own phone, along with the duty manager. I came on, gave both him and me time to get ourselves going, and then gave his phone a call to let him know he had stock to go back out. He told me he'd get it as soon as he'd done some pricing, which is fair enough. This was about 4.30pm. Skip forward to 5.30pm and I hadn't even seen N around. I gave him another call and reminded him about the stock. He told me he'd be down 'shortly'. I also did the same at 6pm as it was pretty much dead by this point but I couldn't go off my till to do them as I was by myself. 8.30 comes and still this stock was stuck behind my till. Now at this point G was sat at the end of my till doing paperwork, and I asked him if he'd seen N. Now G isn't a team leader or manager, he is the same rank as I am. But when HE called N to do the job I'd been asking him for almost all of the evening, magically he appeared within 20s and did it all. I was sorely annoyed that such a simple job had taken so long, but also that N seemed to think G was more worthy of being listened to. **Person 2** I'll call this person Y. Y was a member of our stock team, but also works a till. If I need extra till staff then I do a tannoy asking for someone to come, and in this case I believed that Y was my first call (you shout ordinary staff first, then a team leader if necessary/no-one else is available, then a manager). This happened late on in my shift, at around 8.15 when we got a small rush of people which left me a little overwhelmed. A little earlier, Y had come down and was sat at the end of the desk on the computer which we have, doing something. He'd told me he was 'doing lock-up' and that he was 'supposed to have finished but [manager] told me I could stay'. This queue"
369,"AITA For being upset with my mom for killing the plants I left in her care while I was moving? (long, sorry) First off, a little background: My mom has obvious signs of narcissistic personality disorder. This is just a well-known fact in my family. Pretty much everything is about her and her feelings and god forbid you do something to offend her sensibilities (One time she told me I didn't love her because I forgot to put the toilet lid down after peeing- not the seat, the actual lid). Anyway it caused a lot of trouble for me emotionally while I was growing up, but I got over it and she's ""manageable"" now and we have a decent relationship. On to my plants. I don't have children or pets, and I don't have many hobbies. My one thing, the one thing in the world I am good at and people come to me for advice on is growing succulents and air plants (for those who don't know what an air plant is, look them up, they're awesome). These plants are my babies, I had them on my desk and in my garden while I pushed through an incredibly emotional period in my life (crap job, crap town). While I can't say that they provided any emotional support, I can say that nurturing them and watching them respond to my care helped me feel an incredible sense of zen. I finally got a job in a place I'd been interested in moving to, about five hours away. I had to move an entire apartment on a budget, so I asked my mom (who lives about an hour from my old apartment) if she'd take care of them for me. She said yes, which was much appreciated and is a huge favor. It's really no small task, I had about six or seven succulents and about thirty air plants. Still, I drove them up to her place and she found places in the garden for the succulents and places in the house for the air plants. She by no means has a black thumb- she has many succulents herself and even has two air plants of her own she managed to keep alive for over a year now. Still, she made me swear that I wouldn't be mad at her if some of my plants died. I put aside five of the air plants and told her that these were my special plants and I would appreciate it if she could take extra special care of them. I also told her about one of my succulents which is a rare crested variety and a prized possession. She seemed to be paying attention. I assured her there were NO SPECIAL WATERING REQUIREMENTS FOR ANY OF MY PLANTS. In fact, she even has written instructions on the best method for watering all air plants, put together by me. It's super easy. I told her to water my air plants when she did hers and same for the succulents. Most of my air plants are in"
370,"This just happened to me at lunch. I want to know about personal space while in a public place. I was eating lunch out in the park and having a quiet conversation on my phone. A school bus pulled up and a group of very rowdy students and adults from a local recreation center got off and began to play in the field. One of the teachers brought a student over to the picnic tables. Instead of sitting the child at any of the 11 unoccupied picnic tables in the immediate area, she sat him at the one that I was using. Keep in mind, I had been the only one there. All of the other tables were available. ""I'd actually prefer to eat privately,"" I said to the teacher. ""No, you're fine,"" was her reply. Since she obviously wasn't going to move the child to any of the vacant picnic tables, I packed up my lunch. As I was going, I said to the teachers, ""There were all these open tables. This is pretty rude."" Their collective response was that this is a public park and I don't own the picnic tables. I agreed with them, but I persisted that they chose to use the one table where someone was quietly minding his own business. This is like going into a movie theater where only one person is sitting in the middle of the theater and deciding to take the seat smack dab next to them. Or getting on a bus where there are loads of open seats but deciding to take the seat right next to someone. They are crowding someone when there is an obvious alternative. But besides being invasive to me, it's also questionable judgement to decide that the best place to seat a child is next to the random stranger at the park. Good thing I'm not some sicko. Also, I think if the situation had been reversed, if the kids had been at the table first and I had just wandered by and sat down with them, the teachers would obviously be perturbed. So what do you think? The teachers all reacted as if I was being really unreasonable. With eleven open tables and only one occupied, I think it's just plain rude to choose the one that's occupied. Yes, it's a public park. Yes, you have the right to seat the child at the table. No, I don't own the table. But all that being said, to choose my table seemed like an obviously rude thing to do. You can have the right to do something and that thing can still be a rude thing to do. Was I an asshole?"
371,"AITA for secretly leaving my brother out of hanging out with friends? So basically, me and my older brother hangout with the same group of friends (he is one year older). Anyways, not a lot of our friends like to hangout with him, but they don't want to tell him they don't like him cause it's mean and causes a lot of conflict. I went out with them fairly recently into the city and plan on hanging out with them a lot more recently, but without my brother. Am I the asshole for secretly not telling my brother that i'm hanging out with these people?"
372,"AITA for avoiding and not talking to my roommate? Hey guys, so my situation is a bit complicated. Basically, I'm living with a roommate for the next few months although I'd much rather live alone. If you don't want to know the details, just skip the next part: > Six years ago, I moved into this flat with two roommates and back then, I loved it. We got to know each other quite well, and after a while one of my roomies became my girlfriend. The other roommate moved to a different city but also kept her old room, so she could come over from time to time to visit her old friends. Basically, it was just me and my gf most of the time and I got used to that. I didn't want to share my personal space with anyone else anymore. > > But A few months ago, my gf confessed that she had an affair, I broke up and kicked her out. So then her room was empty and I couldn't afford the rent alone. Finding a new (cheap) place to live is a nightmare in my city. In a few months, I will probably start a new job that will require me to move anyway so I decided it was the best to get a (temporary) roommate. Now, when I was showing the flat to my future roommates, I made it pretty clear that personal space and general quietness are very important to me. My now-roomie said it's the same for him and he doesn't mind. I believed him, so he got the room. He's a really nice guy and he is absolutely quiet, only invites his gf or 1-2 other friends over, doesn't have any big parties, doesn't listen to loud music, doesn't just burst into my room... But he likes talking to me. He's from Spain and his German (we're in Germany) is not the best, so he obviously wants to speak German in order to improve. I think that's a really great thing but somehow... after a long day of work, I just want to enjoy my dinner quietly without having to talk to anyone. And I find it really hard to have a relaxed conversation when I can hardly understand him and he can hardly understand me. Usually when I start making dinner, he's coming over after a while, starts making small talk, sometimes preparing his own dinner and sitting down at the table with me. I think that this is pretty normal social behavior so I feel like an ass for trying to avoid him. Am I the asshole here?"
373,"[US] The speed limit is 70, and I drive 75-80 in the fast lane. A speedier car comes up and tailgates me, trying to bully me into the right lane. AITA? It isn't very conceivable to move into the right lane because of slower traffic there. Edit: shucks. I learned a valuable lesson. Thanks!"
374,"Am i the asshole for leaving my cousin out? So im in high school (UK), ( year 9) and I like to go out locally with friends after it most nights, but my cousin who is three years older than me (16) started hanging out with us. He clearly makes my friends uncomfortable (although they didn't say anything). I also don't like the way they act in front of them. So the question is am i the asshole for going out with my friends and not invting him?"
375,"AITA for squirting mustard on my sister's note. So tonight I (15yrs old) wanted a snack after dinner. For some reason my mom bought chocolate bars and I grabbed one to eat while watching t.v. While I was eating the chocolate bar my sister (18 yrs old) ran up and grabbed it. My parents are walking the dog. I reacted and tried to grab it first but the end result was the remaining chocolate either falling on the floor or in my sisters hand. I need all the food I can get.(5'11"" and 145 pounds) I joke around a lot and can take any joke but this wasn't a real joke so I get pissed off but don't yell or anything. I tell her she's a bitch. She starts yelling saying it was just a joke.( Her and my mom get in yelling fits daily) I can sort of understand that but I'm pissed that I lost the last half of of my candy bar. I tell her to grab me a knew one and we will be cool. She initially says yes but when I tell her that they where in the basement she yells its to much work and it was just a joke. I ask her a few more times but she repeats the same point.She's yelling BTW for no reason. So this is AITA begins. In my arrogant and condescending mood I start preaching and how its just mean spirited. She's was writing thank you letters to some people because her birthday was recently and of course received gifts. So in my arrogant mood I grab a bottle of mustard left out and squirt it on a few notes left out. She yells at me more and says in a dick for doing it. She tells me to clean it up which I said I would if she got me my chocolate bar. She says no and that its different and I'm a dick. During the entire argument she yells but I just speak in a condescending dickish way. Any ways my parents get home and now I can't go to a party this weekend."
376,"AITA : Using a girls social media as a way to gain leverage in conversations I'm 17 years old, and I like this girl who I go to school with, we talk often, but I just plain out suck at conversation, so I found another way to find things to say. One example is how I make alternate accounts on social media like Younow and things to ask questions about if she likes people, or what she thinks of certain things. I use that social media information as leverage in our conversations because now I have things to use when we talk. Does this make me an asshole, is it cheating a relationship in any way? Or is this what social media in intended for, I can't figure it out, but I feel awful."
377,"AITA: Someone is following me. To start off im 17 and in High School (Scotland) so im in my 6th year of highschool and some guy in my year group that i've known for 13 years (7 years in Primary, 6 in highschool) has started following my group of friends, how long i've known him is important because for all of that time, i have disliked him, for 11 years he was a total cunt to everyone, Bullying smaller people, people younger than him etc... So he has started following me and my friends around in school because he is in the same class as one of them. We have told him to go away: Didn't work. We told him to fuck off: Didn't work. We've sat him down and had an actual conversation and asked him to go hang about with people that are actually his friends (Which he has) and his reply is usually something along the lines of ""It's a free country"" and thats his justification for following us around. Normally this wouldn't be a big deal, but as I said, he was a dick to everyone, so another reason I want him to leave us alone is the fact that people might think we are dicks for being ""Friends"" with him. It honestly ruins my school day some days just knowing that he's there, I listened to a recent JRE episode and he was talking about not letting people in his life that wont make it better and I agree with that as a rule of life. Because he hasn't left us alone, we have started telling him to fuck off, go hang about with your friends multiple times everyday (3-4 times) Are me and my friends assholes for being a dick to him because he wont leave us alone, is it bullying? I really don't feel like it is. Would appreciate feedback."
378,"AITA for not letting a lambo move over? So I drive a big rig right, and I'm very strict on driving etticite and road rules, so here I am driving through montreal and this guy drives up in his bright blue lambo trying to push me around in my truck. Thinking to myself no fuck you buddy you want in you'll have to hit me, I wasn't letting this prick fly from lane to lane just to rip up and cut me off fuck that guy, but I do that with everyone. Also, If people don't use their signal to merge onto the highway I don't move over for them. Fuck those guys too. Am I the asshole?"
379,"AITA for using ""friends"" during school? The most recent example was this summer in summer school. I was taking a biology class and I quickly made friends with this girl. During the semester I was pretty much a regular friend with her and if either of us needed help/pics of assignments/due dates, we'd help each other out. However, when the class ends I usually just sort of drift away, essentially ""using"" them for the class but there was reciprocity, I'd help people out too. This time,after the class was done, being an atheist I questioned her on her Muslim religion. Nothing rude or disrespectful, just asking questions, and this time that was the catalyst for the end of that friendship. So AMIA for using people during school? And what about this specific time where once the class was over I sort of capitalized on my opportunity to ask this girl my questions without risking the help in my class?"
380,"AITH for sleeping with my mates friend. Hello reddit, I have been feeling extremely bad about this incedent, for a very long time now, and i want to get your opinion on this. Here is what happend: We were at a private party, at his female friend. I am from out of town, and i say out loud in the room ""I need a place to stay tonight, any takers?"" and she says that i can sleep at her place instantly. So the night goes on, and he pulls me aside, and says ""are you hitting on my friend?"" i said ""I have not really given it a thought, but she is very nice"" (she is extremely pretty, and very sweet and kind) Then he says ""she is off limits"" nothing else than that. The night comes to an end, and he went home early, so i go to stay at her place. She kisses me, and i sadly give in to temptation. Non the less, it was a wonderfull night. Now he does not want to speak to me, and i have said that it was my fault, and that i am very sorry. ( and i a actually am, i feel horrible) If he would have said ""i have a crush on her.. so please stay away"" i would have done nothing. But he has known her for a long time, and they are just really good friends. Am i the asshole?"
381,"AITA for joking about someone's skin tone in a non-racist way? We're sitting around a fire and there are a few friends of mine there are black. Everyone else is white. His name is Mo. One of his friends asks, ""Hey, where's Mo?"" Mo was sitting right in front of them, but it was dark out and poorly lit, so I say, ""Hey Mo! Smile so we can see you! haha! He didn't take offense, but my wife thought I was in the wrong. I don't think I was. What do you guys think?"
382,"AITA for not sharing food So I hate sharing food. The reason for that is every time i order food, bring food, or have food in any way I have people asking for some and when I say no, they get mad at me. I got the food for me, not for everyone. I often buy a big bag of chips or something and share with everyone but if I bring a small snack with me somewhere I don't plan on or want to share. Or even when I'm out at a pizzaria with friends or something and i give away a forth of my food to my friends because they want some. No other reason than that. They have their own food in front of them and they have no intention on buying some for themself, they just want more food. To everyone I say no to I'm the enemy or just generally the worst person for the next couple hours. I understand a bite won't make a difference but understand I'm usually with 35 people and if I give some to 1 person, it means everyone gets the same amount."
383,"AITA for lashing out at my friend earlier. I have this friend who lives in my neighborhood. We will call him, Dom. We've been friends for about 7 years now so we're pretty close. He has a habit of coming to my house at points even if I state that I don't want company at the moment. This goes on a lot and I just usually reject him at the door or let him in. Today I acted a bit different though. He had told me the previous day that he'd come to my house the next day. I didn't specify whether that'd be okay or not. The next day he came over, I wasnt feeling too hot so I just didn't answer the door. Not too long after I decide to go outside and he's sitting on my front porch waiting for me to come out or something. I brought out a little water gun cause he wouldn't leave and got him with it a few times **(this was more playful than anything no one was angry or upset).** After a bit he actually leaves. He then waits till my parents come home and then proceeds to try to walk in my house because they both like him. I heard the front door open and I realize who it was coming in the house. This pissed me off. I proceeded to walk out of my room, stop him before he actually walks to far in my house and just yell **""I told you no, Dom. Go away, get out!""** A bit of awkward silence cause I'm not known to yell at people. Anyways after he walks out my parents and I have a bit of talk. After some thinking I actually feel kind of bad about it and I'm not sure if I was just an asshole then. So reddit, am I the asshole?"
384,AITA for talking to my manager. This story happened six weeks ago. So I work in retail and I was working the closing shift. My co worker was standing around for around an hour doing nothing and when they punched out they did not do any of their side jobs which they are supposed to do before they leave. Since they did not do their side jobs I had to do them and it took me over a half hour and it put me behind a bit at work. Now once we close the manager comes to our store to make sure everything is good and locks up. Once I finished working and punched out I mentioned to my manager that my co worker did not do any of their side jobs. Am I the asshole for talking to my manager or is my co worker the asshole?
385,"AITA if I refuse to help a handicap? submitted 11 hours ago by LordZuko After a long day outside in the hot Florida weather, I decided to take my father and brother to McDonald's for sweet tea. I ordered three large sweet teas while they picked out a seat. I grabbed the cups from the cashier and walked over to our table and gave them each a cup. We filled up our drinks and sat back down. After ten minutes of talking, I noticed a lady on a motorized scooter order a meal and a drink. She then proceeded to ride her scooter over to the drink fountain which was blocked by our table! She could not maneuver her scooter around our table. She then pointed her cup at me and in a very rude manner demanded I fill her cup up. ""I can't get over there so fill this up,"" is exactly what she told me! I scoffed at her and said something on the lines of ""get up and fill it yourself!"" At this time my father, being the outstanding person he is, grabs her cup and fills it up for her. She leaves and my father tells me how that was uncalled for and that he raised me better than that. I explained to him that she was not even handicapped! She was not an elderly person nor overweight and she did not have anything broken. I felt like she was perfectly capable of getting her own drink. So, Am I An Asshole?"
386,"AITA for letting my friend cycle 15 km home because he was too drunk? So I was at a friends party in my home town and a friend who lived in a different town, 15 km away, was also there. I felt bad for him that he had to cycle so I asked him if he wanted to sleep over at my place. From that point on he started to get annoyingly drunk and eventually started puking. I told him to slow it down as he was staying at my place. Then later on I saw him drinking beer again and I told him: 'If I see you drinking again, I won't let you sleep at my place'. After that he drank more beer and I told him that he couldn't stay at my place anymore. The next morning I felt pretty bad for letting him cycle home while being quite drunk. Am I the asshole?"
387,AITA for not working when my boss tells me to? I work at a large pizza company part time (highschool). I mostly do marketing which involves putting door hangers on people's doors or coupons in their cars. I do this about 20 hours a week. Usually I'm scheduled to work in the store once a week on a busy day. When I finish doing my work I usually call my boss to let him know I'm done so he can clock me out. Recently though when I've been calling him to clock out he's asked me to come work inside the store. The first few times it was OK because it wasn't happening to often but now it happens almost every time. The problem is I start doing my marketing and try to be out before 5 so I can enjoy my evening. When he calls me in I don't end up getting to leave until 10. I end up doing almost 40 hours a week becuause of this. I felt like I couldn't say no at first since I was already working but lately I've been lying to him and making up reasons as to why I can't go in even if I'm not busy just to have a night off. I think if he needs me to come in that often then be should hire someone else. I do go into work whenever I'm scheduled and usually cover other peoples shift if I'm told ahead of time but I just don't like being asked to come in right now. However I know that by not coming in I'm making it harder on all my coworkers since theyre short one person. Am I the asshole?
388,"AITA for showing up to a graduation party when I wasn't invited by the host? This happened at the beginning of June when I graduated high school. A couple weeks before graduation a girl who I was friends with, I'll call her Jenna, told me and all of the other people in our group of friends about a beach house her family was renting out for the week of graduation. Jenna also said she would have a party on the night of graduation and that it would be a medium sized event just for our circle of friends. On the day of graduation, I ask Jenna about the party and she tells me that she was just having her family over that night and there was not going to be a party. I then ask my friends what their plans were for after graduation and they said they were going over to the Jenna's beach house for the party she was having. I told them what Jenna had told me and they thought it was weird and also thought that I should just come anyway. My friends are also Jenna's friends as we are in the same friend circle that is popular among highschoolers. I don't know why she was acting this way and we have never gotten into any serious arguments or fights with each other. I showed up to the party with the friends who invited me and she never told me to leave. She also never brought up the fact that I wasn't invited by her at the party and neither did I. So, am I the asshole?"
389,"AITA for buying an extra copy of something to resell? Today a rare album from 2010 was re-released in a limited run of 1200 copies. The musicians involved are rather popular right now. I think he took some of them with him on his current tour, so there may be less than 1200 available online. Purchases were limited to 4 per person. I bought an extra with the sole intention of re-selling it online for much more than i bought it ($22.50) Am I the asshole?"
390,"AITA for being mad at my roommate for choosing to talk to his girlfriend over me during playsessions? So, I've just recently moved in with a friend of one year who I learned to know in school last year. We've no moved in to together and mostly awesome. We've been playing a lot of Rocket League, Factorio and Minecraft. These are all games that require some level of coordination and agreeing decisions. **BUT**, over the summer my friend got into a long-distance relationship with a girl he's know for quite some time. I have no problem with them talking to eachother like any new couple would. That is, with lots of ""I love you""s etc. I'll just put on a headset and watch some YouTube video or listen to music so they can have a bit of privacy. My problem is that he will interrupt ANY conversation, no matter the situation, and start talking to her. The other day we were playing Rocket League with two of my longer-term friends, and he, to me, didn't look or sound bored of it despite not really knowing the two others. Then suddenly his girlfriend calls him on skype in the middle of the match. He stops moving, tabs out, disconnects from TeamSpeak and starts talking to her. In Rocket League he'll also stop driving, look at and reply to a snap, and then start driving again. He's done this a number of times during different game sessions, and it's starting to piss me off. Yesterday we played Factorio. During a downtime in the production, I whipped out my electric guitar and started playing. I did not plug it in, and there was nothing to do in-game. He got visibly and audibly irritated at that, and normally he doesn't have anything against me playing. I put it away after just a couple of picture, because he obviously didn't like me playing at that time. Not even 30 minutes later his girlfriend calls and he starts talking to her exclusively, with me being second in line. Am I the asshole for not just accepting him being in love, which I feel like I do already? Should I just suck it up because ""that's just how it is""? **EDIT:** Something else that's been pissing me off about it is that when they talk they'll have two conversations going at the same time. One over snapchat/steam, and one on skype. Sometimes it's painstakingly obvious that something is ""going on"", that they don't want me to hear/see. He'll angle the phone away from me when recieving a snap, go to the bathroom and then emerge two minutes later. And then do it again five minutes later. I just feel like that is something that should be reserved for when I'm not around. Like every single tuesday and every other weekend. I work those days, and will be away from home for 5+ hours on those days. That should be plenty of time to do whatever the fuck they want to do."
391,"AMITA for urging my brother to sing happy birthday? I was out of the country for my birthday, so my family (brother and divorced mom), decided to celebrate it when I came back. When it came time to sing around the cake, my brother was whispering the words, so I gently nudge him and gave him the ""what's up look"" and mom told me not to push him and that if she can hear him then it's fine. There wasn't anything wrong with him and we hadn't gotten into any arguments recently, so it was weird to say the least. I brought up the point that if I was doing the same thing for her birthday it would've been unacceptable. Not addressing what I said, she told me to blow out the candles and before I could reply she went and blew them out for me, and told me not worry about it now. So, am I an asshole?"
392,"AITA for throwing my girlfriend into a door because she repeatedly physically abused me? (Police involved) Hey guys, (This is a long post but a good story) So I'm a 20 year old student from the UK and my girlfriend (19) and I were living in the same building on the university campus. Now my girlfriend and I argue quite a lot and a few months back during an argument she made a personal attack on me and I in turn made a personal attack on her. My girlfriend then turned around and slapped me twice; saying her actions were justified because of what I said. I did not slap her back and simply told her to get out of my room. Now recently we had another argument which was much worse and in this argument I realised where this was going and repeatedly told my girlfriend to leave my room so we could cool down. She refused. Every single time I tried to make her leave she would scream 'Don't touch me!' Don't touch me!!' So I went into my bed, under the covers and stopped replying to her in an attempt to cool down, she did not like the fact that I wasn't arguing back with her and thus she in turn poured bottle of water all over my bed covers so that the water seeped through. I then got pissed and tried to snatch the bottle of water away from her to pour it on her and in the process of the struggle she pulled the bottle away really fast and hit her thumb against a wall which turns out ended up breaking her thumb (we didn't know this at the time). After this I repeatedly asked her to leave and she refused. I then locked myself in the bathroom and told her I was going to call security; it was at that moment she began to scream saying 'Don't fucking call security!' whilst trying to force open the bathroom door, I didn't want to create drama in my uni halls in front of my room mates (who I didn't really know well) so I held off from calling security (bad decision I know). Once it seemed she calmed down I came out the bathroom and the arguing continued. Once again after we verbally insulted each other my girlfriend then slapped me again, at the point I was beginning to lose it but I didn't slap her back. I tried to restrain her and in the process she began trying choke me, I then threw her into the bed to get her away from me. She got back up and tried to push me again but was unsuccessful. Fast forwarding after more arguing we finally calmed down slightly and there was a silent pause, I then kneeled down to put my charger into a socket and out of no where my girlfriend just pushed me hard and I got knocked into a chair. At this point. I fucking lose it. I get up, I grab my girlfriend and push"
393,"AITA for not telling someone the tag was still on their clothes? Walking into work this morning I noticed a beautiful woman walk in front of me. As they should, my eyes drift to the ass region where I notice she still has the tag on her jeans. I decided not to tell her in fear that I would be judged for looking at her ass. Am I the asshole for letting her go into work with the tag still on her clothes just because I didn't want her to know I was glancing at her assets?"
394,"AITA for using a prostate massager even though it makes my wife uncomfortable? I started having prostate orgasms earlier this year. Upon hearing this news my wife wanted to see me have one. Because we have what I thought at the time was a healthy sex life, I obliged. She witnessed my quaking orgasm and almost immediately became jealous and slightly hostile. Jealous is the word she used when I asked her what was wrong. She says that she should be the one that gives me the best orgasms not some toy. I don't disagree with this assessment which is why I think she needs to step up her game in the bedroom. Her answer on the other hand is to simply deny me sex if she suspects that I have been masturbating. I think all of this is fucking ridiculous because I just started using sex toys recently while she has been using them for years. She even uses a vibrator for her clitoris while we are actually having sex. I don't mind this at all. I think that any job which is important is a job which requires tools. As far as I'm concerned, sexual health and satisfaction are important and therefore require the use of specialized tools such as dildos, vibrators, porn, whips, etc. I don't think she has any right to try to discourage me from behaving the same way she does. The only reason why I think I could even possibly be the asshole in this situation is because early in our marriage when I found out she was using sex toys for masturbating I felt some trepidation. She told me that despite the size difference between my penis and her dildos ( I'm smaller ) sex was still great. She also explained to me that she needed to have her clitoris stimulated during intercourse in order to orgasm consistently. I was able to exercise the anxiety I felt about toys over the course of a few months once we started using vibrators during sex. I understand that she might need some time to get used to this idea but I don't think I should be punished with a no sex policy in the meantime. Especially since she is still using dildos. Am I the asshole?"
395,"AITA for ripping a student's homework. [disclaimer: The asshole/not an asshole question is mostly about my teacher and partially me. I'm making this because I'm not really that sure if he is one or not, but I will be making this from my point of view] Context: My Theology teacher (male, approx 35) was supposed to go to a doctors appointment, but the sub was unable to fill in, so he probably became pissed that day. I am a male senior in highschool probably pissed him off. In Theology class, my teacher (I'll call him Mr. Johnson) asked the class who has their homework from his desk. I said that I did, since I was close to him, I decided to try to hand it to him. Unfortunately, the distance between me and him was about a yard, so I tossed it onto his desk. He caught it and then ripped the paper and saying, ""You don't throw things to me."" in a stern voice and then threw the shreds in the recycling bin. I decided that I would pick up what's left of my homework after class. About 5 minutes after Mr. Johnson ripped up my homework, another teacher (I'll call her Ms. Robertson) came into class asking for the recycling bin, so I was unable to take back my homework, tape it back together, and attempt to try to return it in. Because Ms. Robertson ""just happened"" to come into the class asking for the recycling bin, I'm very positive that Mr. Johnson did this, since he already knew that Ms. Robertson will come in for the bin. Later on in class, one of my classmates (I'll call him Sean) turned around and told me that two years ago, Mr. Johnson burned his notes in class. It turns out that, at the time, Mr. Johnson told Sean to not take notes, so Mr. Johnson put Sean's notes into a bowl and lit them on fire. After hearing this, Mr. Johnson's behavior is not that abnormal to my situation. Coincidentally, the topic of Plato's interpretation of 'what is evil?' came. Accoriding to Plato, there is not such thing as not good and that evil is just not accepting good. In a way, Mr. Johnson tearing my paper can be seen as him teaching me a lesson on respect/his untold class rules. After school, I asked him if I could make up the homework. He said not to worry about it and that he will accept it. Basically, this entire situation was an extremely harsh 'slap on the wrist' scare tactic punishment from my teacher. So, what I'm trying to ask is, is Mr. Johnson an asshole for over reacting, or do I deserve what happened because of my disrepect? TL;DR: Teacher, probably pissed because sub no-showed, ripped up my homework because I tossed it to him when he was a couple of inches away. He saw that as disrepect, and decided to teach me a lesson about respect, but he ended up taking the homework in the end."
396,"AITA for leaving the stall door open while I took a piss While at a Minor League baseball game walking back to my seat in the 7th inning, I stopped at the bathroom there was only one urinal open and I didn't want to piss next to two other guys. I decided to go into a stall ( A handicapped one) and didn't bother to close the door as i was just peeing, Then suddenly a man rushed into the bathroom and went for the only stall with a door open (One of the few occupied stalls) when he came in he saw me and turned around and before he could make it to the stall he shit himself. He scolded me for leaving the door open while using it and i tried to apologize and left the bathroom awkwardly. I felt bad about this and I'm not sure if this is my fault for not shutting the door while i went potty. Am I an asshole for peeing with the stall open."
397,"AITA for being upset at my pizza delivery driver? So I live in the back of an apartment complex. To make things easier (for me and the driver), when I order pizza, I put in the address of a house literally right next to where I stay, and under instructions, I put, ""Call when you're outside."" I do this so when they call, I just walk outside and pick up the food. I ordered some pizza, and I waited for over an hour. I call the place, and they said they knocked on the door of the house, but didn't call me, so they returned the pizza to the store. I was wondering if I'm the asshole for expecting them to call when they were outside."
398,AITA for eating extra pizza that my friends paid for? So I went to a pizza place with my friends. They split the bill on two pizzas and since I had a packed lunch I did not order anything. The pizzas came and my friends quickly found out that they had ordered more than they could eat. They asked if I wanted any and I said sure. I ended up eating the same amount as both of them (about 1/3) that they couldn't finish and I didn't pay anything. I felt slightly uncomfortable that I didn't pay yet still ate the same amount. However I felt like I could justify it since it would go to waste anyway. My friends didn't say anything about it or ask me to pay after.
399,"AITA for ""reposting""? So I was banned from /r/funny for reposting. Which is fine, because later I would get an appeal and I could then post **my** OC. At least that's what I thought. I posted to /r/eyebleach ""[Dog sleeping his best sleep] Well the thing is, this was previously posted to /r/funny but **not** /r/eyebleach(I checked before posting) so I thought that was okay, because it's never been posted to the specific subreddit before, but apparently it's not. Here is the conversation: http://i.imgur.com/Lb3xZ8B.png Am I the asshole?"
400,"AITA Ratting out my friend for ruining my dads table. Ok Hi /r/AmItheAsshole. I was wondering if I am the asshole in this situation... My friend slept over at my house with 4 other friends. We were sitting outside around a table and talking. and then my friend that we will call John took some pliers that were on the table and started to cut the edge of the table because he was bored or something, I didn't notice it but my friend pointed it out to me and said ""OP you know that John is ruining your table?"" I got extremely pissed at my friend and asked him why the fuck would he do that then he was pretty silent. I texted my parents that it happen because lies don't get better over time and they saw it this morning and now they are really pissed at me and my friend but mainly my friend. They dont want that friend to comeover ever again and want me to give him his number (which I'm planning on doing) and I'm not sure what they want to do with it I just think it's really rude that a guest would come over I give him food, I'm nice to him I welcome him my home and he does shit like this. [Here is the damage for reference] Did I do anything wrong? Update: I texted him that my parents are super pissed and they want to have him apologize face to face. He is trying to dodge but I think he can't avoid it. He is really paranoid about us speaking with his parents."
401,"AITA in this Reddit post? I understand some of you may dislike the core subject of this conversation, it's a touchy one, I know, but ignoring your own views on pedophilia and the like, and only talking from an objective point of view on the way I and ""i_rape_canola"" are talking, am I the asshole? Remember, I'm not asking about the subject matter, but the interaction. [AITA]"
402,"AITA for getting a co-worker fired? So I have been working part time at my first job now for 6 months now. I work very hard and I feel that I do a pretty decent job. My managers notice my hard work and as a result of this they like me and began to give me a lot of hours. (which I very much appreciate because I am saving for school) However just the other day one of my co-workers got fired. He was never a super hard worker and always had an attitude, like disrespecting managers, as well as other employees. He has been written up and had several meetings with managers regarding his unprofessional behaviour and attitude. So the other day when he was acting out which included breaking many rules, safety standards which almost injured me, making a violent threat/ remark about wanting to kill a manager (empty dark joke but treat nonetheless because he had a knife on him, and just being a jerk in general. I reported it to a manager who I trust and likes me. They then sent him home early and told me that he would have one final meeting with managers as well as the store owner. Needless to say he was fired, and just recently texted me saying ""Thanks for getting me fired"". So, am I the bad guy here? TLDR; Co-worker at part-time job was being unsafe, rude, disrespectful against managers, (which has been happening for some time) and as a result I reported it and got him fired."
403,"For keeping my ex' fish tank? She got a dirty used fish tank (60 gallon hex) that I didn't want but I let her keep it in my house. I did most of the work cleaning it and setting it up but she bought it for $50. This happened on August 3d. On my birthday, August 12th, she got me some new fish as a birthday present. On August 14th she broke up with me and told me she was planning on breaking up for several months. The next day she changed her mind and came back to me crying and asking to work things out together, three days later August 18, she changed her mind again and broke up with me again. Both times my heart was completely broken. We gave each other all our stuff back (ie clothes, books, etc.) Except the fish tank which is now an addition to my house. Now (aug 24) she says she wants it back, I refuse to give it back because I've been the only one taking care of the fish, I've been the one who cleans it and maintains it. I think I deserve to keep it. She had her chance to claim her things. I feel like it's too late, and she can't change her mind on the fish tank like she did her love for me. Am I am asshole for keeping the tank?"
404,"AITA for doxxing a couple of teenagers? So I play a game which is known for its small but amazingly salty/toxic community. Earlier, some guys were giving a couple of other players shit for being furries. Eventually reached the point of them telling them that they're sick perverts and should kill themselves. (my position is very much ""If your hobby and/or fetish doesn't effect me, then it doesn't worry me""). A couple of votekicks failed, and I decided to try and shut them up - one of them had their full name in their steam profile and another was found easily by googling their username. In that search, I found that one of them had a bunch of catgirl hentai videos in their recently viewed/liked/commented on YouTube. I went back into the game and addressed them by their first name and asked if they were so anti-furry why they enjoyed these videos. This resulted in the whole server ragging on them for the next half hour, but also them stopping their cyber bullying. Normally I wouldn't be too concerned, but I did find out they were high school students. Am I the asshole for dishing out vigilante cyber justice with a mild dox? Bonus question which I think I know the answer to - I also shared a temporarily hosted screenshot of their profile pics (their Facebook also turned up pretty quickly) with a friend in a private message on Steam, purely for lulz. I think this was pretty assholish, but hey we may as well get your opinion on that one too."
405,"AITA: For getting this dude kicked out of my parents house? So here it is, about a year ago my parents invited this kid to stay with em (he was 18 at the time 19 now), because he didn't have anywhere to stay and they had a spare room. Now he would always hang around my girlfriend and I before he even moved in and I could tell he liked her but I gave no fucks as I didn't feel threatened by him. My girlfriend and I recently broke up after being together for two years, and I found out earlier today he's snapchatting her and telling her he likes her and told her he jacks off to her facebook pics. I went to my parents about it and they're going to kick him out at my request, AITA?"
406,"AItA for being accepting to my friend? This is a complicated one. I'm not sure if I'm the asshole because I'm too judgmental, or because I'm enabling someone who's done something I consider despicable, or neither. I'll try to TL;DR each paragraph. Tl;DR 1: **As an individual, I am pro life.** I know it's a pipe dream, but it's my personal hope that not a single other abortion ever happens again in human history (and that includes the equally ridiculous underlying hope that there are no more rapes or cases of incest that cause unwanted pregnancy, etc. etc.). Just to complicate matters, if I were in government, I would have to vote pro-choice, because I cannot possibly convince myself that the government should claim the right to force a person to go through the medical and emotional ordeal of carrying an unwanted child, under any circumstance. TL:DR 2: **One of my very best friends had a completely elective abortion, and I have only been supportive, and only expressed concern for the possible emotional impact on her.** She was living with the guy for years when this happened. She was finished school and employed. As was he. There were no medical problems. There were no relationship problems. There was no sexual assault. She married him a year later, and now they ""want kids"". She just said the time wasn't right. I assume all this info is true, because she was never showing, and didn't need to tell me anything about the pregnancy but told me the story anyway. TL:DR 3: **I am constantly silently ashamed of the fact that I have never breathed a word of disapproval to her over this.** I really don't know what I think I should do, but I know that if I had a friend and I saw him stab a stranger to death in the street and he somehow was found innocent at trial, I would ostracize him. I would no longer count him as a friend or associate with him if I could help it. I would have to do something to say that that shit isn't cool, and I have no interest in associating with someone capable of that. In my mind, abortion without extreme extenuating circumstances is an order of magnitude more heinous act; the victim is infinitely more innocent and defenseless, and the killer is infinitely more directly responsible for that victim's protection. It's just not a crime the law can punish. So, assholery judges...is it fucked up that I basically let it slide? Is it fucked up that I even think I shouldn't? Or is my part in this all ok?"
407,"AITA For making this C*nt tear up? With University starting up in a couple weeks, I thought I would make a little extra money off my last years textbook. So after some searching around....**BINGO**, I find a Facebook page with about 3000 people, where they trade and sell their old textbooks. So I quickly type up a post, selling all my textbooks. I wanted to get rid of them ASAP, selling them for way cheaper then the other users. I see people selling this particular Math text in the range for 100-150$, ""fuck it"" I say to myself, and put it up for 60$ flat. *Ding* I get a message by a girl, saying that she doesn't have a lot of money and would 40$ be enough. My inner sweetness comes out and I say ""sure, as long as you pick it up"" (PS: House is like a 20-25 Minute drive from that University) She says sure, gives me a time and we are all set. *4:00pm comes along*, and I kid you not, this bitch rolls up in an All-black Mercedes that could probably pay for my 4-years tuition. Trying to understand why that girl needs to buy used textbooks, let alone try and wager me down an already steal of a price, I walk downstairs and open the door. ""Hey, I'm Here to pick up the Math Text"", ""Cool I said"" as I grab the textbook. ""40$ right?"" I said, and this b*tch.... this b*tch....Says these exact words. ""*Well, I Only have 15$ on me, and since I had to drive out here I thought that was fair.*"" Being in an already grumpy mood today, I fucking lost it. I don't think I have ever called a girl a C*unt before, let alone 10-15 times in one 1-2 min rant. *snap*, Her eyes go from that blank stare of WTF is happening, too a teary-eyed about to blow in like 1.2 seconds, her mouth moved but nothing came out, and she runs back to her car, *Insert starting up car noise here* and drives off. I think i'll just burn my textbooks from now on. Am I The Asshole? ------------------------------------Update 1------------------------------------------------------ Sold the textbook for 60$ to a guy, told him about what happened last time. He laughed and gave me a high-five and said he would've done the same or worst. Glad to see there is other people out there with the same asshole mentality."
408,"Am I the Asshole for telling my best friend to screw off? So I am a 17 year old guy coming up on my senior year in high school. When I was a sophomore and Jacob was a junior, we started to become best friends. We were both middle of the pack in the social hierachy, like we were friends with everyone but we never really had someone to hangout with everyday until we became friends. We are both Mormon and love sports, and we are both average looking guys. Except, I dont know, Jacob, he's kinda goofy looking to be honest. He has really curly hair and braces, and coming from his best friend I'd have to say that if I were a girl I would call him cute at best. We both talk to lots of girls, but we never really end up doing much with them in form of a relationship or anything like that. We never really got that close with girls. Fast forward 2 years. I'm getting ready for my senior year, and Jacob is about to leave for his 2 year church mission in a few months. Right after Jacob graduated, his family moved down to a city 30 minutes from my house. (Before that I also lived 30 minutes away. He lived next to the school and I lived pretty far out, now he just lives south of me instead of north.) In the beginning of the summer, we hung out a good amount. Then Jacob made new friends at his church branch in the new city. The Mormons at our old school were the weird, not very attractive girls, very strict kinda religious nuts. Jacob said that at his new church branch everyone was much cooler, and the girls are a lot prettier. He said there was this one called Alyssa, and I'll be honest with you, he sent me a pic of her and she is a solid 9. Of course, I was ecstatic that my best bro is hanging out with such a beautiful girl. Fast forward to August, the end of the summer. Me and Jacob have only hung out once for only a few hours. Apparently things have gotten pretty serious with Alyssa. They talk everyday, they hangout almost every day, they go on dates, etc. Remember this is my boy Jacob, one of the goofiest kids I've ever known and things are getting serious with a very pretty girl. Me and my other good friends try to get Jacob to hang out with us all the time. Usually he can't because he already has plans with Alyssa. At first it was understandable, but after a while it got to be kind of a joke. It seemed like he clearly did not want to hang with his bros. We used to be the biggest proponents of ""bros before hoes"". We vowed this summer to go on a mancave binge, playing our favorite videogame NBA2K, our favorite movies, etc... But it never happened. He was always hanging with Alyssa. When me"
409,"AITA For Possessing Weed I'm going to make this as non-biased as possible. I'm 16. Around a month ago I bought some weed from a friend of mine. I payed £30 for it and brought it home. Within a day my mother smelled the substance and told me that I wasn't allowed to have it in her house because it's illegal. Fair enough. I took it out to the shed and put it there on her recommendation. A little while later whilst they were on holiday I took it down to a nearby city and smoked most of it with some friends who I met there. This was whilst my family were on holiday. I came back and since I still had a little bit left I left it in my back and forgot about it. Sure enough, the morning after they came back my mother smelled it again. She asked if I still had the weed and without thinking I said no. A few days later I was searching through my bag and came across it. Rather than waiting for them to leave and putting it in the shed, I admitted that I had it and went to put it in the shed. She went ballistic. I was told about how disgusting it was that I was smoking it and how horrible I was for bringing it into her house again. I was threatened to have the police called on me all as I tried to defend myself by asking: ""How is having pot in the house going to affect anybody negatively. The fact that you've got a little bit of pot in your shed hardly eats away at your mind every minute of every day, does it?"" This was greeted with more yelling, followed by her calling my father, who I don't have a very good relationship with anyway. He was passed on to me, again threatening to call the police on me. Again, I asked how calling the police would have any positive outcome on anybody. I was told that it'd teach me a lesson. After that I went up to my room, logged onto Reddit, and wrote this post. So I implore you, am I the asshole?"
410,"AITA being angry for not getting a place in a language course, while others did? Hi Reddit, if this is not the place for it i ll remove it immediatly. So I applied to a japanese language course at my university because I want to work in Japan. In order to participate one had to sign up with an online form in a way which is unusual at my university. I got an e-mail saying that were too many applicants and their would be a lottery at the first course meeting. I went there and from what I have heard there were a great amount of people there stating that they didnt sign up as they never read anything about that in the course description. And adding to that there was a group of nerds there loudly talking about what kind of erotic games theyve played and what hentai they enjoyed. While I tend to enjoy anime as well I thought these people to be wrong at that course as it cleary stated the language course would cover formal japanese, for those wishing to work or research in Japan and the Lecturer even told us that people who came there just because they liked manga or anime were at the wrong place. So they made us write our names on paper and drew the names of the people allowed to take the course nevermind if they signed in beforehand or not. After not being picked I spoke to the lecturers assistant about the fact that a lot of the people chosen didnt sign up for that course. She told me that there was nothing she could do and I should just try next year. Am I the asshole for being salty about not getting picked while people who didnt sign up or people who clearly shouldnt be there were? Edit: spelling errors"
411,"AItA for using the N-word among friends, when I'm not African? I'm not white. My father is Sicilian, and my mother's family is all from Chennai, India, and we are dark as hell. People obviously don't walk up to me and say ""You're black, right?"" but I was born in the mid-atlantic region, and don't look or sound particularly Mediterranean, so I think people just take me for a black guy of godknowswhat descent. All I'm saying is I don't wear a dashiki or a dhoti, and it's still hard to get a cab or not get selected for random pat downs at the airport. In light of the above, I think I have the right say the N-word in select company. Specifically, I like to call my white friends ""my nigga"" and enjoy the look on their face while they try to figure out whether they should be amused, offended, or glad to be included. Similarly, at a strip club (don't tell my mom!) I have once or twice gotten a laugh when asking ""Can't a nigga get a table dance?"" when the dancer's pay more attention to lighter skinned friends. I'm not crazy. I don't ""identify"" as black. But if I get all the disadvantages and stereotypes assumed at me, shouldn't I enjoy the benefits?"
412,"AITA for caring about my little brothers health? My parents have raised two healthy children(myself included) prior to my brother who is now 6. But i feel like with their age they just simply don't put as much effort in to caring for his health anymore. For example his normal day is come home from school, freely raid the fridge to not be stopped no matter what he wants. If he wants ice cream at 2pm he'll get his ice cream by simply screaming and throwing a fit I think they don't want to deal with it so they give in. Followed by binge watching YouTube videos, with no barriers(I caught him watching GTA prostitute videos, and extremely vulgar gaming videos. My mom just thinks it's funny). Then to finish it off with netflix in the living room for hours on end. I know I sound like a total stickler but I just really want him to be a healthy kid and live a good childhood. I suggest certain things I think my mom should do but she just says to stop trying to tell her how to raise her son. So am I the asshole for caring about my brother?"
413,"AITA if I don't return an excess item that came with my online purchase? I recently ordered a single bow online for $30. When the package came, it contained six of these bows, but I was only charged for one. I called the retailer and they said if I return the excess bows I will get 20% off on my next purchase, which I will likely never use, as I don't shop online very often, nor have I ever used this particular website. I know I'm am not *legally* obligated to return them all, so I am considering keeping one extra for backup when the first bow wears out (they are made of very cheap material, so I'm using it to try archery as a new hobby before spending too much). Am I an asshole who is rationalizing theft?"
414,"AITA for letting my boss ""white knight""? I work in a group home where things get very physical and violent at a moment's notice. I am also the currently only female on any of the day shifts. I am thirty years old and hardly over five feet tall but I'm solidly built. Since I was hired, I have been adamant about not being called a lady and not having folks treat me different because of my gender. I also check in with my coworkers to make sure I am capable of performing the functions of my job and ensuring everyone's safety. My boss (the house manager) is great in a lot of ways. He works the floor unlike other managers in the company, he keeps the work environment fun and rewarding, and he is super flexible on giving time off. But he says and does things that get on my nerves. Things like assuring me there will always be a strong guy on my shift when coworkers are switching shifts. Or getting overly nervous when the house is staffed with females. The big thing he does lately is to occasionally take over a particularly repetitive part of my job that is not physically taxing. A male client strips his clothes and has to be prompted to put them on multiple times before he remains dressed. It can be super redundant and it is not one of my favorite parts of the job. At no point have I ever expressed being unable to do this, though I may have asked for tricks or tips to get it done quicker. We rarely work together, so this isn't a huge issue, but I can't help but feel like he wouldn't be doing this if I were one of my male colleagues. I feel like an ass for letting him do this and taking the easy way out, but I'm tired of fighting him and there seems to be no drawback. Keep in mind, every one I work with knows I can do my job and when I check in to see if anyone feels unsafe with me for backup they laugh and say I'm doing fine. They also laugh when I worry I'm not working hard enough. AITA for letting my boss occasionally be a white knight as long as he lets me do my job? Is there any possible drawback I'm not seeing? Thank you, reddit. I promise not to argue with your decision."
415,"AITA for being loud at night So earlier the day of the incident i was riding my motorcycle when i lowsided due to loss of traction. No big deal, its a less than $200 repair in this instance.(the only injury worth noting was my pride) So i got off work late that same night around 12:30am and got home a little before 1am. I live in a closely packed condo neighborhood. I wanted to look at something on my bike so i partially pulled in my car to the driveway and left the headlights on for light. Before i knew it i was an hour or so in (around 2-2:30) and my car was near dead. (I was not intending to stay that long, but the time slipped by). So i put the car in neutral and put it in a little street where there would be assuredly no trafick however there were people nearby so i knew i would have to act fast. I pulled the second car up (my moms in this case) and began to work but naturally some things needed to be adjusted primarily car positioning for the cables. So i was there for about 5 minutes with the engine running before 2 different neighbors came out and started asking me what i was doing, talking about how late it was, and telling me how inconsiderate i was. I quickly but profusely apoligized and explained my circumstances but they werent having it. I got the car started after much micromanaging and complaining. So i set to launch the first car off then boom i bumped my car with my moms car. this was primarily due to all the stress i was put under by my neighbors. The damage was miniscule to none and obviously i would make sure if there was a problem it would get fixed.Without even getting out of the car to assess damage i pulled off to go park it. So that was fine and dealt with so i headed back for the other car and my neighbor says to me ""dont hit my car on your way in"" and that just really set me off.(despite my ever so shitty day i do take pride in my driving) I contained myself because i didnt want to make things worse and i left the neighborhood because there was no parking available. There was no parking anywhere in the street either so instead of going back to make more noise im just sitting here in a parking lot typing this out. Am I the asshole?"
416,"AITA for calling a noise complaint on my neighbors? Every year, on the same weekend, some of my neighbors blast music really loudly until like 6-7 in the morning. I live in an immigrant community but I'm not an immigrant myself. This partying is an extension of a native holiday that these people have. I call a noise complaint on these people EVERY year but I always feel like a little bit of an asshole doing it. 'Cause I'm just some rando white dude in their neighborhood that can't take the partying. But most of the time, I'm like, fuck it. I don't think that just because you are celebrating your cultural heritage you have to keep everyone up all night. I'm not the only non-immigrant that lives here, and I'm sure there are immigrant people here too who don't like the noise. I see plenty of old ladies that I doubt are up partying with these bitches. Seriously, the noise is so bad that it makes my floor shake. I have all of my windows shut, I'm several stories up, and it's still extremely loud. They party out in this little grassy area behind the building.Every year this goes on until 6-7 in the morning, and I just end up not sleeping. Every single time it happens. The noise cuts through my good earplugs. I can't play music over it. I just stay up, because there's no point in trying to do anything else. It's giving me a migraine now and that's making me even more pissed off. I'm trying to do some personal stuff (research a new career path I wanna take) and it's getting increasingly difficult as the noise drags on...and my migraine makes my vision blur... The police also never respond to the noise complaint. I've never had a year where they've actually showed up and made them reduce the noise. What also drives me nuts is I look out there and they're not even dancing or anything, they're like drinking and having a buffet. If you're not dancing, why do you have the music so goddamn loud? How are you even hearing each other when you hang out? It seems pointless on top of being annoying, which makes it even more annoying. Am I the Asshole for trying to shut these people down?"
417,"Am I the asshole for not giving my friend a ride? I got my license in late July (been 16 since February 2015). Since then, I've been giving rides to a lot of people. I've been giving my friend rides to school since it started in mid August. Every now and then, he won't need a ride and usually tells me around 20 minutes in advance. Last Friday, I pulled up to his house and called him twice but got no answer. A minute later I send him a text telling him to hurry up because I'm waiting. Then I tell him I'm gonna leave in 4 minutes, because school started in 15 minutes and I had to go to McDonald's and get something to eat because I didn't have time to eat breakfast at home. Time went up and I sent a text that said I'm going and left. About a minute later, he calls me and asks me to come back. At this point, I'm already back on the road and to turn around I'd have to drive through another neighborhood and that would take up about another couple of minutes to get back to his house. I tell him I cant because I can't be late to school again ( I already had 3 tardies. If I get two more before the end of the semester, I'll get detention). He starts bitching at me and at school (I was late again) he's texting me about how shitty it was that I made him go to school with his dad. I tell him I tried to call and text him multiple times and I even told him that if he didn't come out within 4 minutes, I was leaving. In my opinion, if someone is giving you a ride, and they waited 5 minutes while also trying to contact that person multiple times without any response, then they have the right to leave when they said there were going to. Its not bothering either of us anymore, but it really pissed him off and I was kind of indifferent to it. I wouldn't have left if I was his only way of getting to school. But his mom or dad could've taken him. I did feel bad a little because I was late anyway, but if he had come out when he said he would've, neither of us would've been late. Instead I got another tardy and he got his dad to excuse him so he didn't get one. I could've handled it differently I realize, but I don't think I'm in the wrong here. At least not completely. So am I the asshole?"
418,"AITA for asking my roommate to take some cough medicine? This is my first year in college, and I share a dorm room with ""Jenna."" Jenna and I get along fairly well, we aren't super close but we are friendly and talk often. My only problem with Jenna, is that she's been sick for the past three weeks and has refused to do anything about it. She's had what seems to be a cold, which really sucks for her. Sniffles every so often really don't bother me, and I've offered her cold medicine. What's starting to affect my life is her persistent cough. It's loud, and wet, and she coughs at least every 30 seconds. It's gotten to the point where I'm starting to not be able to focus on my work because of her incessant coughing. It's also affecting her sleep, because the noise either prevents me from falling asleep or wakes me up. This happens very often. I know Jenna can't help that she's sick, and I'm not trying to blame her for what's out of her control. What is within her control, though, is seeing a doctor (should a cough be persisting for 3 weeks?) or taking some medicine to combat it. So I went out today and bought some cough syrup, and approached her when she got back from class. I told her that I really felt sorry for her that she's been sick for so long, and that I got her some medicine to try to help her feel better. She refused, saying that she doesn't like to take medicine. After she said no the first time, I tried to press the issue, telling her that her coughing, while I know it's out of her control, was starting to affect my concentration and sleep. That pissed her off. She called me a bitch and told me to mind my own business, and that I would just have to deal with the coughing. I honestly tried to handle the situation as kindly as possible, but at the same time, I feel it's not unreasonable for me to want to get some decent quality sleep and be able to study in my own room. So, AITA?"
419,"AITA for getting pissed off at my mother about text messages? I'm likely on shaky ground already for arguing about something as silly as texts, but bear me out. As I'm guessing a significant proportion of reddit likely does, I tend to text over phoning people, especially if it's not important or a phone call might disturb them for whatever reason. However my mother seems to have this issue where I'll send a text about something important (to me at least) and she'll either not respond at all for days (the record is 3 days), and all I'll get as a reason for the delay is 'I didn't look at my phone', or she'll text me back at some random time of the night/morning (4-6am is the usual). Even if she ASKED me to send her the text, this is the usual scenario. Bear in mind, this is someone who nearly every time I've been with her, she's constantly pissing about on her phone playing games, or on chat apps, or texting, this seems a little weak to me. The other thing that also adds to me getting even more annoyed is that there's been times when I've sent her largely unimportant, mundane text messages and she's responded largely straightaway, usually resulting in random lengthy text conversations. Now fair enough, some of it could be down to her work timetable or whatever she's got going on in her life, but I can't see it being the case for all the time, and it's becoming an absolute pain in the arse. To give an example, I was due to go 40 miles away to the city where I was due a hospital appointment. I texted her, asking if she wanted to go with me as she'd been saying that she wanted to go for ages. No response. I saw her a day before the appointment, and asked her if she'd got the text, and did she want to go. She told me she'd give me a text that night and so I waited, and no text arrived. I then ended up going by myself, only to then find my mother came to my house on the night and then bitched and whinged about not going. I even showed her the three messages I had sent, and the usual excuses about 'well I didn't check my phone' came out to do their merry little dance as though it were somehow a reasonable explanation. So, AITA?"
420,"AITA for making out with this girl Here is the synopsis: Im in college and live in a coed dorm. There is a guy named Tom and a girl named Lily in my hall. They have been ""dating"" for the past 4 days of college. Im friendly with Tom, but we're not really friends. Last night during a party, Lily was being pretty handsy with a bunch of guys and Tom got angry and stormed off. Now keep in mind, Im pretty drunk at this point in the night and Lily is also a little tipsy. Lily see's me from across the room and starts grinding me. Being the drunk horny mofo that i was, i didn't really care. After a few minuets of ""dancing,"" Lily turns around and says ""this is college, i do what i want"" and she made out with me. I knew it was wrong but I was drunk so I didn't care. I walked her back to our dorm, we both agreed that it was a fuck up. Regardless, I wake up the next day and Lily being a selfish person threw me under the bus and told Tom that I ""jumped on her."" Needless to say, im the most hated person in my hall... Am I really the asshole? Should i talk one on one with Tom?"
421,"AITA for questioning this aggressive text? Hey everyone. So I have a conflict I'm trying to resolve and need external opinions on who is the asshole here. Here is the backstory: So the conflict begins with our downstairs PlayStation 3. One member of the household, I will call him *Bob*, notices something is keeping him from being able to login to the netflix app. We have the PS3 setup with multiple *local* accounts, and the only way for *Bob* to login to his netflix account is by being in his local account. One day he opens up the PS3 which auto logs into *my* local account, sees he is not able to login to netflix then sees that because the netflix login is showing my PSN e-mail I must somehow be trying to use their netflix without permission and am fucking up their netflix in general (that isn't true of course. the netflix app login automatically shows the e-mail of the PSN account associated with the logged in *local* account regardless of whether that e-mail actually has access to netflix). So the other person, let's call her *Jillian*, finds out about this (she my father's girlfriend) and misinterprets the situation as *Bob* does, gets angry, then sends me this text: >Please do not create any account and put password in the Netflix/TV in the front..You have no business and should create an account to Netflix that *Bob's* paying..I need to you delete your account in they front room tv...And don't do that ever again..!. Ok, so this text from my perspective is fucking disgusting. For one, she automatically assumes that I must be tampering with netflix and am therefore in the wrong. ""have no business""...really, is that what you have to say? This is especially offensive because I am known for sticking to what I know is right at all times. I have never logged into netflix, that is just the PS3 showing my info because the wrong *local account* was logged into. Next, she wants me to delete my fucking *account*. Now the fix is easy (to change which local account auto logs in, or just switch the local account at startup), so we have no need for that. Also, I play games on the PS3. I use my local account for my PSN account, and I already have permission to play games on the PS3. Last, she tells me to ""never do that again."" I didn't do anything in the first place. So basically this text is loaded with a bunch of bullshit assumptions put in a really aggressive ""I didn't think about anything fuck you"" kind of way. So the next day I talk to *Bob*, we set it straight, I fix it, we're good (*Bob* and I are always cool but he also sometimes assumes things about what I do, but doesn't get angry about it just waits for someone to solve it). He tells me he's noticed she gets extra pissy at the beginning of the month, and it makes me give her a little more cr"
422,"AITA for not having a couch for a friend who's staying over? I lived in City A last year and now live in City B. When I still lived in City A, friend/acquaintance from City A said he will have some business in City B this month and asked if he can stay over my place in City B (which at that time I didn't know what it looked like, I was just scheduled to move to City B). I told him, yes he can no problem, but I told him that I do not know what my new place in City B looks like yet. And he said he'll try to look for different places. So for me, it was nothing sure. But of course, I mentally prepared that he is going to come over or night. Fast forward to now, a few weeks before said acquaintance comes over. I just moved into City B and trying to settle down. There is only a single bed in the new place and I did not think much about the visit. Said acquaintance never followed up (to confirm the visit) anyway/either. I brought it upon myself to reconfirm the plans and then bring up (just to be sure) that there isn't any couch or extra sleeping bag. And then said friend tells me that he has no sleeping bag to bring. By the sound of the messages that came after I told him, it seemed that he expected that I'd have an extra mattress / couch in my new residence, something that I never brought up with him. Now he's messaging me about his problems (not blaming me directly) of not having a sleeping bag. I feel a bit bad for him, but I feel that I'm not supposed to be the one to solve his problem. This is because of the fact that I'm already allowing him to stay over. Moreover, from the messages, I infer that he's expecting me to find a solution as he has not offered any whatsoever. I haven't replied yet to him as I feel I have nothing to say that will help him. I've asked my limited amount of (new) friends in the city if they have sleeping bags but they have none. And quite frankly, I don't really feel it's my duty to solve the problem for him. Am I the asshole?"
423,Am I the asshole for sounding too SJWey?
424,"AITA if I buy a PS4 and say that my brother can't play it unless he pays for half of it? I share a room with my brother, who I hate. When I leave home, I will probably never speak to him again. I am probably going to buy a ps4 in the next few months. We already have a ps3 which we share, and we have had a bad history with them - breaking more often than you would expect. When I buy it, I will want to take it with me when I leave, so it has to be mine. I am going to say that he can play it if he pays half, half of which will be a deposit. Say it costs £300, he will have to pay £150, and when I leave (in about 13 months) he will get back £75. He will basically have had the use of a ps4 (which we will probably use more than me term time) for £75, unless it breaks before I leave, in which case, as you can't usually determine who directly caused the break, he will get nothing back. So, AITA?"
425,"AITA for confronting my neighbors who play loud music in the parking lot? I live in an apartment complex where cars will frequently drive through the parking lot with their music loud enough that it makes my windows rattle and sets off car alarms. If they're just driving through, it's a minor annoyance. There are times, however, where the driver will park in the parking lot, either in the car or standing outside with the windows down with the music at high volume to visit with friends or family. Sometimes it's not even late at night, but during the day; if it's loud enough and persistent enough so that I can't hear my own tv or music inside my apartment, or it wakes me up from a nap, am I the asshole for walking outside, approaching the person, and asking them to turn it down?"
426,"AITA My current girlfriend has been hanging out with my ex. My current girlfriend and I have been dating about year and a half, my ex girlfriend and I dated about 2 years ago, there was a 3-4 period between them. My girlfriend used to completely despise my ex but after a while she started feeling bad for her because when we broke up it was not on the best of terms. But now my girlfriend and ex are friends and have classes together and hang out a lot, they are as I'm typing this. I'm not the biggest fan of my ex but i don't mind if they hangout, it just makes me uncomfortable. Am I the asshole for feeling that way? It's getting to the point where I try to call her and tell her some news or something and she won't answer because she's hanging with my ex and doesn't want to make her feel bad or something. I just want to know where y'all stand. I have no desire to be friends with my ex again, I just feel uncomfortable about it and wanted to know if that's an asshole move or not. Thanks!"
427,AITA for refusing to take back a textbook I sold. So a couple days ago I sold my old textbook to someone and she seemed like she was in a hurry as if she didn't want me to change my mind. The next day she messages me saying that it was the wrong
428,"One of my friends apparently dinged by roommate's car, I'm offering to pay but apparently not enough. AITA? For context, I have a couple roommates and one of them shares the garage with me - he keeps his rarely driven luxury car in it along with my Camry. Sometime in the past month (roughly early August) I had a few different people stay with me for various reasons, during which time I had more passengers than just myself, and in late August (at least two weeks later) my roommate discovered that somebody had opened my rear door too much and it hit his car, causing some paint to be chipped off (around 4mm in diameter). I have no clue when or who did this but it likely was somebody that was visiting - it definitely wasn't me since I don't sit in the back but I will take responsibility for my guests. He notices this and brings it up to me - he says he will go get an estimate on it, I apologize and ask how much he thinks it will be, he has no idea but I just throw out a number of $300 that I would be fine compensating. He goes and gets a quote from his favorite body shop, they tell him they need to repaint the whole piece (rear fender) and reblend the paint on the entire side of the car, total cost $1,600. He tells me this and am I shocked on how serious he is - I suppose we live different lives with different priorities, but I can't fathom spending such an insane amount of money to fix such a small paint chip. However, it's his car and that's what he wants to do and I can certainly respect his intentions but feel this is just such an insane amount of money. One morning he says he wants to take it to the shop the next day, then heads off to work and so do I, not saying much after. I decide to send an email telling him that I'm trying to be reasonable and kind here, but $1,600 is just insane, our garage is not a showroom, we have people walk between our cars every day and the car isn't covered, something like this has a chance of happening. I regret what possibly happened with my friends/family doing this and increased the amount of money I'm willing to pay to $500, but that's really as high as I'm going. He then decides that insurance is probably the best way to go about this, so I send over my information but I'm not really sure comprehensive covers things like this...in any case I sent things over but haven't heard if it worked or not. Later that night he and his girlfriend come home (they both live here), my roommate walks right past and the girlfriend comes up to me and says what I'm doing is wrong, that I should have apologized at the beginning and offered my insurance information. I state how I didn't know"
429,"My girlfriend never stops singing. AITA for wanting some silence? I love my girlfriend very, very much and she has a beautiful voice, but she is quite literally, constantly singing. She loves to sing and so if there is any silence, she will start singing. No matter what. Just finished a conversation on the couch? Looks at her phone and starts singing. Nothing playing on the radio in the car? Starts singing. Making dinner? I'll let you guess. You get the idea. What's more is that she sings the same thing over and over. She'll have a ""song of the day"" basically and sing that same song all day. I no longer know what silence is. Am I an asshole for wanting her to not sing as much? I haven't brought it up with her yet because I know how much she loves singing and she's said stuff like ""everyone always eventually tells me to stop singing at some point"". I truly cannot emphasize how much she loves singing. I don't want to hurt her feelings by asking for her to not sing as much, but I think it is driving me nuts. Am I being an asshole or being selfish? Thank you for any and all comments."
430,"AITA for being annoyed by someone at the gym playing their own music in the shower? I was in the shower at the gym this morning, when I noticed someone's music was playing loudly. It wasn't the type of music that the gym usually plays, and usually there is no music in the shower area. They sang with it a little, too, but not the whole time. I don't know why, could have been the early hour and being tired from my workout, but I found the whole situation intensely annoying. This is the first time it's happened, so I didn't complain to the gym about it. But, if it becomes a regular thing I am considering complaining. AITA?"
431,"AITA for fat-shaming, or just a self-preservationist? Some time ago, I'm in an elevator which contains two other people I don't know. I was the last to get on. Then, this really obese dude gets on. Then, this light comes on that says ""capacity warning"". The doors stays open for a suspiciously long amount of time. Fat guy ignores it, and the two guys who got in first look worried, but aren't going anywhere. I start to get out and say ""It's no problem, I can get the next one."" The fat guy says ""Don't worry about it, just push the button again and the doors will close."" Clearly it's happened to him before. I tell him ""I'm sorry, I don't want to ride an elevator that is warning me that it's about to break."" and slide out. (When I said ""sorry"" it was not sincere, rather, it was more with a tone of ""*sorry, pal*""...the way people say it when they aren't even considering being sorry.) So obviously, he caused the problem and should have gotten out. But he didn't. I'm willing to believe he's ridden that elevator before with that light on. But I'm not willing to gamble on the idea that it'll be fine this time. I know he's an asshole for causing the problem and expecting us to deal with it, but am I also the asshole for fat-shaming him by making the problem a bigger deal than it had to be (maybe)? BTW, I was reminded of this by a similar situation in AdviceAnimals this morning: https://www.reddit.com/r/AdviceAnimals/comments/3l0v4u/well_it_was_quite_a_small_lift/"
432,"AITA For Not Wanting To Talk To a Co-Worker? Our office is currently undergoing a remodel so I have had my work space temporarily moved into another room which I am now sharing with a Co-Worker named ""John."" I've always thought John was kind of an oddball; He laughs randomly throughout the day, tries to ""one-up"" others when we have any kind of event going on where we socialize and rambles on long tangents like he'll start talking about cookies and 10 minutes later you find yourself listening to him going on about sharks, but you don't know how you got there... the list goes on. Anyways, as I mentioned we are sharing a room and I have tried to make it clear that I am not interested in talking and just want to work - by wearing my headphones **on both ears** and he doesn't seem to take the hint because he will just keep talking until I finally take them off. The conversations also have nothing to do with work and are most of the time random thoughts he gets... I have tried to give short answers or just nod my head, but it's getting to the point where I keep my headphones on and not breaking eye contact with my screen... Am I The Asshole?"
433,"AITA For Making A Reference To A Monkey In Front Of A Black Coworker? Today at work my coworker was singing that song that goes, ""If it ain't about the money, don't be blowing me up..."" I sang back to him, ""If it ain't about the monkey, don't be blowing me up..."" in reference to a joke between another coworker and I about a stuffed monkey she has, because every time I hear that song that's all I can think of. He immediately blew up in my face, accusing me of being racist. I tried to calmly explain to him the joke that I have with the other coworker, and he simply wasn't having it. He cut me off, got in my face, and started rattling off other racial slurs. I tried to respond by telling him I would never say any of those words, especially in reference to a black person, and he continued to yell at me and threatened to assault me by ""throwing me down the stairs"" if he ever heard me ""say any of them again"". To which I responded, ""So what, now I'm not allowed to say the word monkey if there's a black person in the room?"" After I said that he just kind of huffed away. He was salty for the rest of the night and didn't say another word to me. So I'm a little confused. I didn't use the word monkey in reference to a black person at all. All I did was substitute it for the word money in a song sang by a black person. I can maybe see, by a stretch, how this could be misconstrued as racist, but I feel that his reaction was absolutely uncalled for. So am I the asshole for using the word monkey in an inconsiderate way, or did this guy just blow everything completely out of proportion?"
434,"AITA for tailgating this guy? This starts off with me going down the highway minding my own business behind a logging truck. Doin my thing, rocking out, cruising, when some guy in a BMW thinking he's better than everyone else shoots past going 65 in a 45 or something like that. He looked like he was laughing with his friend or something like that when he passed me. Ive seen my fair share of speeders in the few years I've been on the road, myself included. I decided I should get a little petty with this guy since he thinks he's better than everybody, tailgating the service truck in front of him, cutting 18 wheelers off, etc. So I figured I would give him a taste of his own medicine. I start creeping up on him just riding about a two feet from his bumper or so when he thinks it would be a great idea to brake check me. Now luckily my car has amazing brakes compared to his early 2000's SUV so I was alright. Also i wasnt trying to lose my four month old car. But Its been on my mind all day and I must ask: Am I the asshole?"
435,"AITA for getting upset about my brother-in-law for driving after 3 beers? At the end of my brother-in-law's birthday today he offered to drive two of the guests home. I only noticed what was happening once they were already en route in the car, so I couldn't really do anything about it anymore. It was roughly a five minutes drive to their home and would have been maybe 20 on foot. Note that this was in a village and the streets are very calm around this time. Was I overreacting or should they have rather walked?"
436,"Am I the Asshole for trying to rehome my neighbour's cat? My neighbours live above us in our rented house where we share a front hallway, front porch, and backyard. We were friends at first. About three months ago they decided they could not keep their 17 year old cat in the house anymore because he doesn't always use the litterbox and they have an infant they are concerned will get toxoplasmosis as a result of the cat's habits. The neighbour wife told me when they made the decision to evict him from the house so we wouldn't let him in the shared hallway which was our habit when he was meowing at our windows. I said I was not willing to make that agreement to not let him in because he tends to meow at my bedroom window at night to be let in and I don't want her cat to inconvenience me and I also don't think it's cool to throw an elderly cat outside with no shelter. I offered to find a rescue centre or a new home to take him if they really felt they couldn't care for him any longer. She left the conversation without discussing rehoming him further or negotiating with me that I don't want the cat living on the shared porch. After that discussion I gave them a covered litterbox with pine shavings to see if that could encourage him to use the litter more. They brought the litterbox in but not the cat. We have found the cat without water 6 times in 30+C degree weather. (it's been a hot summer) The shelter they have provided him is an uncovered bin that I originally put in the shared hallway to organize the miscellaneous baby clothes that get left in there when they come and go from the apt. In one especially hot week we had 7 people within three days come to us and express concern over the cat's welfare. One of those days we had 5 people (it was over 40C degrees with the humidity.) Early that day my SO was confronted by a passerby who wanted to know if he was a stray. At that moment the neighbour wife came home and said to the passerby that it's her cat but they could take him if they want. Later on that night an Animal Rescue volunteer who had stopped a raccoon from attacking him rang our doorbell at 1130pm. We came out and addressed the situation, made sure he was okay and clarified he was owned and not a stray (he is thin, has a ripped ear and his coat is dull so it's easy to confuse him as being homeless.) I did my research that night and found someone close by who was willing to take him in. At this point I was still friends with the neighbours. The next day I confronted the wife when she came into the backyard and said that it's really uncool we keep having to respond to people about her cat when it's known"
437,"AMITA for not wanting to take off work to pick my bf up from the airport? My bf is coming home from a very short deployment (3 weeks) and is asking me with urgency if I will take off work to pick him up from the airport and drive him 3 hours home. He has a free military shuttle home and he is freaking out I am ""making"" him do that. I said all if your peers are doing that and you joined the military knowing you would be at the whim of their schedule. He thinks this is me being bitter because I hate him being in the military. While this fact is true, and I think he needs to suck it up and deal with the shitty parts of his job, I don't want to use my any of my two vacation days after I was ok a two week business trip just to drive him 100 miles. Am I the asshole?"
438,"AITA for getting upset at my brother's girlfriend? I live with my brother. His girlfriend is over 4 days out of the week (she comes over Thursday evening and leaves Sunday evening). When we moved in together I knew that she would be over a lot and be staying for the weekend because she lives an hour and a half away and is part of our group of friends (who get together every Saturday night). Incident #1: She leaves dishes fucking everywhere. Every Thursday night I get home there is shit all over our kitchen island. She often leaves left overs and dirty dishes in places I use frequently and they are in the way until either I deal with it them or her/my brother gets around to it (which isn't too long, maybe over night at the longest). Incident #2: The other night I noticed that there was wart remover and a pair of finger nail clippers on a TV tray that is acting as a coffee table. I eat breakfast and dinner at this tray every day while watching Netflix before/after work. I find it disgusting that she is essentially picking at herself and dealing with liquid medicine at a place where I eat regularly. Incident #1 bothers the shit out of me because it is like 10 steps to the dishwasher no matter where you are in the house with the exception of my room. I ignore it for the most part, but it has lead to feelings of frustration and annoyance. For incident #2 I knew it was her, but in the interest of coexisting I waited until my brother was in the room and I addressed my problem to both of them without pointing fingers. I could have been more delicate with the situation, I will admit that, but I still kept it civil. I told both of them that I find it disgusting that there is fingernail clippers and wart remover where I regularly eat (with the implication that they are being used there). My brother shrugs at her and I tell her that it is disgusting and that is like doing it at a kitchen table. She retorts that there is cleaners for table tops and to just use that (with the implication of ""you have the issue, you deal with it and clean the area""). I snap back that if I see them there again, I will throw them both away and end the conversation. Talking to my brother about this after she left (shit like this would be better coming from him) he tells me that I am being overly sensitive and we both get defensive and snippy. I end up telling him that it wasn't that big of a deal but I still rather it not happen and her, a guest in mine and my brothers home, telling me to clean up after herself is fucked up and disrespectful. TL:DR my brothers girlfriend makes a mess every weekend and does things I find gross to do at a place I eat often"
439,"I disable ads on YouTube, but I always leave a like. I use AdBlock to disable all YouTube ads, even those on my favorite gamer YouTuber's videos, preventing them from receiving royalties on the ads they show, which is how they make their incomes. However, every video I watch - without fail - I leave a ""like"" so it ranks higher in search results and (potentially) exposes them to more viewers. Even if I don't like the video that much, I figure it doesn't cost me anything and ""like"" it anyways. Am I the asshole?"
440,"AITA for not feeling responsible for friends who drink and drive then wind up hurt. After a happy hour a coworker ""Sansa"" (that my buddy/coworker ""Petyr"" is crushing on) decided it was time to go and Petyr thought she might have been a little too buzzed to drive. Sansa says she felt fine. He tried his best to convince her as much as he could including getting perhaps a little too touchy, but she wasn't feeling his advice. So after she leaves Petyr gets all butthurt about it and starts complaining about how awful she and drunk divers all are. I tell him sometimes you just gotta let people do what they do and you can't stop them. He tried, but he should leave it as that. Then he starts talking about all the supposed victims that there might be and I just tell him that responsibility is on them and not him. He asks me if I ever knew anyone who got hurt or killed by drunk driving and I said yes but maintain that I don't consider it my responsibility beyond offering a friend a place to crash, if they feel like they need it. If they don't, I let them go. He told me I was monster for this. We haven't spoken since. Am I really that bad? I think he's a little too controlling, but maybe I'm wrong. I mean he cares about victims of drunk driving and that's cool, but I don't know if that's just a convenient way for him to claim moral superiority? EDIT: Since it's not clear, neither myself nor any of my coworkers got sloppy drunk. we all hung out for about 2 hours or so and had 2 or 3 drinks. Nobody was two-stepping or slurring their speech . As for ""Sansa"" for all I know she could have been under the legal BAC anyway and she said she was fine to drive."
441,"AITA for wanting my friends to chip in for tow fee? So last Saturday I got a text from one of my friends saying that he has a friend who is throwing a Birthday party at these apartments by the University that I go to. We have been to these apartments before and have parked in there parking lot with no problem. There are always open spaces and I have never seen it full. So we proceed to go to this party and indulge in different party favors and activities. By the time we leave, which was around midnight, we are walking back to my car only to see it about to be towed away. We quickly run over to find out that people who don't live at the apartments need a parking pass to park in the parking lot. The tow truck guys (or whatever they're called) tell us that everybody who lives in these apartments have parking passes that they can give out to as many people as they want FOR FREE. Long story short it cost me $70 for them to drop the car there, or else it would be $300 fee if they towed it. My complaint now is that I think that my friend should chip in for the drop fee. I suggested just splitting it since it was just us two. He however thought differently and didn't want to split the bill. After his response I decided to just pay the full $70, better then paying $300. So Am I the Asshole for wanting my friend to split the bill with my friend. I feel like he should because he was the one who texted me about the party, therefore making it somewhat his responsibility to get all the details for that night sorted out beforehand, which includes finding out if we need a parking pass. **Tl;dr:** My friend found out about a party and invited me, I drove, but he didn't find out if we needed a parking pass to park in the parking lot of the place where the party was. Car almost gets towed because we needed a parking pass, had to pay $70 for them to drop the car. Friend doesn't split the bill withe me. Am I the Asshole for wanting my friend to split the bill?"
442,"AITA for arguing the meaning of friendship with my wife? She does not believe that friendship between a man and a woman can exist, because one party is inevitably become sexually attracted to the other. I tried to explain to her how I consider her sister my friend. I'm 32 years old and I've known her best friend since I was in the 7th grade. Her mom was friends with my aunt, and now that we're married I see her best friend often. I told her that I consider her BEST friend my friend, and she says to me that ""she's not your friend, she's your associate through me"", despite our history. I proceeded to hit her with this hypothetical that sparked a big argument; ""If your best friend was seeking shelter from a physically abusive boyfriend and had nowhere else to turn. She came knocking on the door, and you were out of town, I would let her in and I'd help her"" She then goes off on me telling me how wrong I'd be for letting her in the house, and letting her sleep in the house while she's out of town. I never said that she could sleep over, but she jumped right to that. Now we're at each others neck over woman I knew from high school whom I consider to be my friends. She says we're not friends because we don't hang out and don't talk often. I'm trying to explain to her that it doesn't change the fact that I care about them in a friendly way. I don't know...I'm starting to think I'm an asshole just because she thinks I'm an asshole."
443,"AITA: For calling a girl a bitch in aggressive tone for rubbing wet hands on me and then gettjng punched in the face for it? So last night I was out clubbing and having a good time. At the end of the night the fast food stores close by to the night club are open till late to accommodate for the drunken young college students (I being one of them) wanting a late night snack. Anyway while in the line where there were 2 girls a head of me for the toilet which was in cramped room, the toilet door opened and a guy came out of the toilet which was one of the girls friends. His hands were wet and he rubbed his wet hands on his friend. She was then like eww and then she proceed to dry off the water on her arms and then she used my hair like if it was nearly a towel to dry off while I was behind her. I was furious and after a bit of arguing and her not apologizing I ended up calling her a ""fucking bitch"" and I also told her to go fuck herself. She immediately started to square up to me and was ready to hit me even saying it to me. I was backed up to the wall by two girls in this tiny room and she said ""call me a bitch one more time and see what happens"". I did and immediatly from the corner of the room the friend who came out of the toilet punched me in the side of the head and I knocked my head against the wall. It took me a while to register what happened as I was dazed and my vision was all blurry 30 seconds after the incident. I think I received a minor concussion. The guy and the girls had left the room I think soon after the incident and any way I left the room and noticed them in a booth and one of the girls who was there was pointing at me and looked to be telling her other friends about what happened. I then approached the booth and everyone said I was in the wrong there because of my actions towards the girls and that I deserved to get hit. I then approached the security guard on duty at the store and I told him about what happened and he went to verify the story with the other party. He then returned and basically told me I was in the wrong as I called them names. He then escorted me off the premises. Today I have had a headache that has only got worse , a noticeable bump on the side of my head along with little bit of nausea and lack of balance. Maybe I over reacted but I dont want strangers rubbing my hair and drying their hands with it. I also feel that the punch was pretty excessive for that situation. Anyway it seemed from the security guard(who did not see"
444,"AITA for not wanting to clean up after my roommate? We've recently talked about splitting chores, but I feel it's not good enough. He's getting on me about cleaning the kitchen, but there are still stains (very noticeable, guests can notice) stains that have been on the walls and cabinets for at least 3 months. I pointed them out to him Monday, and last night he sweated me about cleaning when he hasn't even taken care of them yet. He also didn't want to point out every little thing one of us forgets, and I think it's because there's more for him than me. Then he sweated me about the bathroom last night after we got home from a bar. I brushed it off, got up an hour before he does, and cleaned it. There was a lot of hair on the floor I swept up. The tub had some debris in it, but other than that it wasn't much dirty. He later took a shower, left, and when I went back in there there was almost as much hair on the ground as it was before I swept. We also have different types of hair, so I know it's all him. I don't want to clean up his hair. It's like how we handle dishes. He complained that he felt he was the only person doing dishes. Surprise, I've been doing my dishes right after I use them for the last 9 months, so yes, you do a lot of dishes because you dirty a lot of dishes. I'm not going to share dishes duty with him when I distinctly clean up my own dishes, and I don't want to share bathroom sweeping duty with him when it's clearly his hair and I wipe mine up when I rarely (we're talking once every two or three weeks) shave."
445,"AITA for thinking my friend doesn't actually need a service dog? My friend and I are seniors in high school, and we have been attending the same school since freshman year. My friend has anxiety (as do I and most of our friends) but has never been hospitalized for it. Recently, she told me that she is training her dog to become a service dog so that she can take him to college with her. I sort of understand that because college will be a new environment and she will be on her own for the first time, two things that will definitely cause her a lot of stress. However, my friend then decided that she wants to start bringing her service dog to our high school. The problem is, we go to a very small (both structurally and population-wise) private Catholic school whose policies are strict. And my friend has gotten the mindset that if the administration says she can't bring her dog to school, she's going to throw a fit because ""That's *so* illegal it's not even funny."" What I don't get is that my friend has been going to this school for over 3 years now and she never even considered needing a service dog. And she has no disabilities, just an anxiety disorder. She has a history of throwing a fit when she doesn't get what she wants, so that gives me more reason to believe that she's only doing this for personal gain. Is she the asshole or am I?"
446,"AITA: My dorm's floor study room locks In my dorm, every floor has a small-ish study room. It just consists of two tables, a few chairs and a bathroom (it's probably a converted handicapped dormroom). The door on it has a lock that I use when I'm in there with my girlfriend (actually studying). There's a sign on the door saying ""please leave the door open when you leave."" I took this to mean it's completely ok to have it closed when you're in there, and by extension, its ok to lock it. If you weren't allowed to lock the door, the room wouldn't have a lock on it. Please note every dorm-room in this building is a single, and thus this room isn't occupied very often. So anyway, the other night someone knocked, and I opened it. They said i'm not allowed to lock it and pointed to the aforementioned sign. I was having a bad day so I knew that anything I would've said would've been worse than what was appropriate so I kept my mouth shut. AITA? Edit: I totally forgot to mention there's a much larger study area right next to this room"
447,"AITA for not getting a job in high school I'm currently a Junior in college and I'll be going off to college next year (Graduating early). However I don't currently have a job. My dad gives me an allowance (Around $50 a month) for doing things like taking care of the dog, helping cut the grass and rake leaves around the place, and other odds and ends around the house. I feel I'm lucky, even for living in a Upper-Middle Class, suburban area I feel we're very fortunate. I'll be attending a public, in state university and my Dad will be paying for my first four years of college for my undergrad (Shouldn't be a lot only around $7k per term, as I've gotten a couple scholarships) and I'll probably pay for when I go to graduate school (As my half sister and brother both had their college paid for them, even though they both ended up dropping out, but both have pretty good jobs) I currently don't drive and have no plans to until after I get out of college (Bus line near my college, plus I can't have a car for the first two years on campus, so I rather finish my schooling then worry about things like that). However I don't currently have a job. I focus much of my time on schooling (Top 10% of my class, honor roll, etc) and just don't care for a job. I rarely need money and I don't think that selling off hours of my time for just $8.10 an hour is worth it. (Not complaining on the fact that I would be making minimum wage, as a high schooler with no job experience or education really $8.10 is pretty gracious IMHO.) But I somehow feel like I'm a burden to my parents or that I'm not following in the footsteps of my half-siblings (Both had jobs in high school) I feel that me not having a car to worry about paying for or other expenses there's no reason for me to currently get a job at a fast food store or grocery store and I rather wait until I go off to college where I need things for books, food, etc. My parents have never pressured me into getting a job, or said anything about me being a financial burden, and I've always have an excellent relationship with both my parents, they're incredible people. So Am I the asshole here for not wanting to get a high school job?"
448,"AITA for not letting my dad serve me ice cream? After having lunch, we decided to have some ice cream for dessert. So my dad (who treats me like a little kid even though I'm 16) asks me and my sister, ""Okay, who wants ICE CREAM?"", and so I don't respond. Anyways, he serves my sister her ice cream, and when he goes to serve mine, I tell him, ""it's fine I want to scoop my own"" and he starts getting difficult telling me that he's going to serve me my ice cream. I keep telling him that I want him to let me do it, but eventually he just got so fed-up and put my cone scoop-down into the container while telling me, ""Don't be such an idiot"". So, am I the asshole? E: Just wanted to make it clear; I'm aware that the situation was stupid and childish. I'm pretty sure that the reason these stupid fights happen at my house is because my dad's a lawyer and will not accept the fact that he can be wrong sometimes."
449,"AITA: For spoiling the ending to American Sniper. Now I'll always consider someone who spoils something to be the asshole, but I think this is a unique case. While my roommates and I were watching the movie I off handedly remarked about Chris Kyle's death, and to them I spoiled the movie. I told them the movie isn't predicated on his death since it was years ago and is well known by those who saw the movie originally and isn't even shown in the movie. To me it's like saying someone spoiled one of the many Steve Jobs movies by saying he dies. It's really bothering me since they won't let this go and are now threatening to spoil each and every movie, etc I watch. What do you guys think."
450,"AITA for refusing to answer a question that my grandma asked? Every two months or so I go to meet my grandma, today was one of them and I met her at the train station and we went on a house to her home. We're talking and out of no where she asks me if I think that my step brothers mom is attractive.... I give a ""umm"" and tell her that she's like 40 and something and that I don't want to answer this question. Immediately after my response she goes on to tell me that I am an unmannered brat and when I told her that I don't want to answer her question it's the equivalent of me telling her to shut up. Now I'm stuck with her for 3 days with her telling me constantly that I should be taught manneres and that I sometimes don't understand that I hurt people. Reddit, please tell me, am I the asshole here?"
451,"AITA for bringing rolled coins to deposit at a bank? I work at starbucks and every week we get tips. Usually we get lots of singles and some rolled quarters. I typically save up a few months of tips and go to deposit them at my local bank. The teller I go up to tells me,""We have a machine over there to count your change"" But ive separated my loose change to take to that machine, and I give my rolled change to the teller. She then tells me that I shouldn't roll my coins and just take them to the machine.....but they're already given to me rolled so why would I unroll them? Am I being an asshole or do banks not take rolled change anymore?"
452,"Scheduling a dinner for the same restaurant with the group minus one person the day before the real event I usually eat with a group of friends at our favorite restaurant every Sunday. However, on Saturday, one friend and I were particularly hungry. I contacted the rest of the group and asked if they wanted to go today as well. Everyone did except my girlfriend, who was busy. We went. We still went on Sunday. One member skipped Sunday because he didn't want to eat at the same spot twice in a row. My girlfriend was pissed and wouldn't talk to me until a few hours before the event on Sunday. She still held a grudge and her moods was not high on Sunday and the days after. Am I the asshole?"
453,"AITA for expecting my friend to watch the things I share with him? Often times I come across a video or picture that I found interesting or funny that I want to share. Sometimes I'll even work hard for several hours creating something that I'm pretty proud of and want to share it with people. So when I try share things with this certain friend, almost every time he says doesn't want to or care to see it. And if I ask him again he'll tell me to stop forcing him to watch it. On the flip side he also shares videos and pictures with me, including his own creations and such. But unlike my friend, I always give him my full attention, and I talk with him about what he is sharing with me. Recently I asked him why he never takes the time to check out the stuff I show him when I'm always checking out the stuff he shows me. His response was that he doesn't force me to look at the stuff he sends me, so I shouldn't expect him to look at what I send him. I really don't know if I'm the asshole here or not. And I fear I might be. What do you guys think, AMITA?"
454,"AITA for not inviting someone to hang out on my b-day? So, my third time here wondering if im an Asshole. So, to celebrate my birthday I planned to take 4 friends to my favorite bar. That all was planned on a ts-server without the knowledge of friend P. A table was reserved for 5 men. Today, I put a message in a whatsapp group that included my 4 friends, but also among 5 other people, P. The message was the question who would be the driver. Unknown by me, P also met a friend of mine while shopping and that friend of mine told him we had plans for today and slightly hinted that it might be bad if he showed up. P is an aquaintance more that he is a friend, meaning I dont really dislike him but we've got nothing in common. My favorite topics annoy him and vice versa. So I didnt invite him on purpose. So now he posts in that Whats app group offering to drive. I tried hinting strongly that he wasnt welcome to tag along, but he stated, quoting the friend he met, that it was ok. So now I tell him in private that I am very sorry, but I planned to celebrate in a small circle and that he is welcome to tag along any other time. He askes me to post that to the group and I did, feeling that I owe him. So he goes on to post that he doesnt mind being not invited but goes on a rant how he founded that group to organize events where everyone can tag along and how it is shitty to organize a ""private"" event in that group. (It comprises 9 members, all more or less close friends). Also he says hes annoyed by other things being discussed all the time. Problem is that group was never really used for that purpose but as a means to talk about all the random shit we want to share among friends. Thats what I told him. I told him politely that we could make a new group if its too much Off-topic in there. Now I am waiting for a reply. Reddit, was I the asshole in that situation, or was there no better way to handle it? Edit: numbers didnt match up"
455,"AITA: Slept with my one of my ex-bestfriends, ex-girlfriend. So too start i just have to say this is my first post and found this sub-reddit through PKA. OK now that thats out of the way lets start, (Grab some popcorn) so too start all of this of we have to go back when my friend of about 5 years got his first girlfriend we will call her L. and we will call the guy C. at this time i was 15 years old with both L. and C. being 16, so basically me and C. were not best friends however we were pretty close friends through 5 years we were in the same peer group which only at the back end of last year was disbanded through members being Assholes in their own right. Me and C. never had an issue with each other and through the year of L. and C. dating me and L. became pretty close, i never developed feelings for her through this time and had the upmost respect for the two. Others were skeptical if me and L. had done anything together but their was never anything done we just talked a lot online and in real life at school. Then C. and L. broke up about 5-8 months ago from the point of today this caused me too back away from L. because i felt she had issues of her own she had to deal with and i was just weighing her down. (by this i mean that her head wasn't in the right state and she didn't need another guy around her) Also another reason for me backing away was because i know how easily she falls for guys and if i were to still talk to her whilst she was single she would want me to date her which i wasn't willing to do. Throughout this time i moved away from my old group (the asshole group) bringing my best friend with me (Not C.) into a group that i felt was better and so far it has been. However this has caused me and C. to stop all contact with each other as he decided to stay with some members of the old group who i felt were assholes themselves. Anyway now with a very long backstory out of the way we can get into todays topic of me sleeping with L. so we were both at a party, i was drinking and she was not, we didn't really talk to each other throughout the night because as i said we hadn't really spoken like we used to for about 5-8 months. At this party we were both sleeping the night at the house as we are both kind of close friends with the host. We didn't speak for the first few hours of the party but as the night kicked in we both started talking again like we used too (This was at about 2am and i was kind of drunk) people began to fall asleep and we decided to grab"
456,"AITA for not inviting our neighbors to my husband's birthday party at our house? We hang out with them when it's neighborhood stuff, but this party was a reunion of his old work friends and the two crowds have little in common. Neighbor wife let me know that she was miffed at not getting invited."
457,"AITA for having to park like a dick? Was trying to park at a big box home improvement store and was thinking it would be nice to get a closer spot since I have to haul out a buttload of flooring. So as i swing into one of two side by side open spots, there's a guy with his van door open standing there fucking around on his phone, so i have to take the next spot. Now, my approach is all fucked up because i couldn't see this until the last minute, so i'm parked across two spots more or less. So i go to back up and now some fuckface is waiting like i'm leaving and gives me like zero room to maneuver. As I'm trying to do this, the asshole in the van is looking at me like I'm retarded, and now fuckface is honking his horn like I'm gonna hit him. I managed to get mostly into my space and fuckface parked right next to me. How he got out is another question, although van guy closed his door now and is still standing there like a cunt. I get out and manage not to pick up my giant socket wrench and lay into fuckface's car. Please....help me to see the good in humanity again. Also, don't let me color your judgement by my use of pseudonyms for fuckface and Mr. Van Cunty Cunt."
458,"AITA for not wanting my mom to always pop my pimples ? (male,15) everyday I get in the car after school just everyday after another she picks at my head and each time she does it it hurts and hurts until today where I just flipped out and couldn't take it anymore. I have told her that it hurts and to please stop but she says that she fixing it when i have told her multiple times that it doesn't fix it that if anything it causes more and more pimples to appear on my face( I have read extensively on this). Edit: Holy shit this blew up. Thank you guys !"
459,"AITA for using the wrong side of the stairwell? I'm an American recently relocated to London, and I'm not totally accustomed to the whole walk/drive on the left instead of the right situation. One morning coming off the tube, I spaced out for a sec and went to the right hand side, up the stairs. (There's a railing in between) There was only one guy coming down the stairs, so I thought it would be fine. I made a little effort to turn my body to the side as we passed to make room, but there was slight contact. He muttered something under his breath, and pretty blatantly shoulder-checked me into the wall and then hustled down the stairs. Now, I felt pretty conflicted because I get that you're supposed to go on the left, but really with the aggression? So I called him a prick and then kinda ran away. Thoughts?"
460,"AITA for trying to negotiate a fair rent price with my roommate My roommate and I have been living together for a year and a half. I have the very shitty room and she has the amazing room. We agreed whoever won a coin toss would get the better room and would only pay $15 extra because that the time of signing the lease neither of us could afford more. We never discussed what happens once we signed the lease for the second year. I've just been sucking it up and not complaining. My significant other is moving in for the last 3 months of our lease, and I was under the impression that she was cool with switching rooms. Now she's saying that she doesn't want to move rooms because we aren't giving her enough of a discount to move rooms. We gave two options, one citing Splitwise, a trusted unbiased source, and then a straight up 60/40 split bc that's what I found on the internet. She'll be saving nearly $400 a month to switch rooms and to share common space. I looked it up on Splitwise, and she has been paying over $200 less than the value of her room given its size and privacy, meaning I've been paying that much more than the value of my room. I am getting screwed, and she wants to negotiate a rate that still screws me over. She has the money to pay for it, she's just so accustom to having the amazing deal on rent. AITA for trying to renegotiate? If she refuses to swap rooms, AITA for passive aggressive behaviour?"
461,"AITA for always asking people to talk to me with their mouth full to repeat themselves. I understand them mostly the first time, but damn it it is so rude and gross that I hate it. So I ask them politely to repeat themselves in some (probably fruitless) attempt to get them to eat their food before talking to me. AITA?"
462,"AITA for dating my best friend who dated one of my other best friends? So my ex-best friend Katie hasn't talked to me ever since I started dating her ex Matt 5 months ago. A little history first: - I've known Katie since 6th grade and we are both 22 now. We've had the same group of friends ever since we met and have continued to be in the same small group of friends up until this all happened. Katie started acting weird ever since we finished our undergrad. I mean weird as in she had been more anti-social, more critical of strangers, and just generally less pleasant to be around. I talked about it with a couple of my other friends in our group and they agreed that she'd been acting weird ever since she didn't get her dream job coming out of school. - Matt and I met my sophomore year of high school and he and I instantly became good friends. He was a year younger than I and I was already in a relationship (that lasted until I was 20), so I never thought of him as more than a good friend. He would listen to me if I was having trouble with my boyfriend and I would listen to him bitch about whatever problems he was having. We would go a month or two without contact sometimes, but would pick up wherever we left off once we ran into each other again. - Well around the time I broke up with my boyfriend, Matt and Katie started dating. I thought it was the best thing in the world because two of my good friends were dating. Well I was wrong. They were together for a little over a year and in that time they fought for at least half of it. Katie was downright mean to Matt. She told him his friends were always annoying, that she didn't really like his parents, that his hobbies (mostly playing his instruments) were dumb, etc. In hindsight, I should have sad something. But when either would bitch to me about how the other had done something stupid, I insisted that I was to stay neutral because it wouldn't be fair to either of them if I took a side. They both respected my decision. So Matt and Katie broke up back in December of 2014, but kept in contact until the end of March this year. I saw Matt, without Katie being with him, for the first time in about 6 months in mid-April of this year and we chatted for a little bit. He told me how much happier he was without Katie and I just said I was glad he was happy. Then we started talking more and more throughout the month. It was the first time we had been friends without one of us in a relationship so we were beginning to talk like never before. And by the end of May this year we had started dating. While all that was happening, I was thinking about"
463,"AITA for trying to spark things up with my co-worker? I (M) work in a classroom, and the coworker (F) in question is the teacher of said classroom. We started off really friendly, and were able to joke around and have passing conversations during work. During work hours, when I talk to her I use endearing tones and body language (almost in a ""special treatment"" kind of way), and she would usually be receptive to it. Not in a way where she would flirt back, but she wouldnt back off from it either. I've decided I liked her enough to try to take our communication level past the workplace, and I've even been able to have a casual outing with her once after work for chatting over coffee, which was actually really enjoyable. A few days after, ive noticed her demeanor to be a lot colder. She doesnt perpetuate conversation, doesnt react when I engage with her, and I feel like she mostly doesn't notice when I am around. The likeliest scenario that I imagine is occurring is that she retroactively noticed, and is uncomfortable with, my advancements, which explains the sudden change in attitude. After noticing this behavior and her body language, I've decided to just put this whole thing on the backburner and stop pursuing. But the damage is done and I feel that I am in a precarious situation, where any of my actions are now under deep scrutiny by her. Am I the asshole for pursuing a coworker to the point of damaging our synergy? I feel like I didnt exercise any degree of professionalism for the duration of this, and that I was being too presumptuous. EDIT: in an attempt to create a meta post, how do you guys think I should approach the situation from now on? I really hope that by exercising more tact from here on out, that she would ease up and we can just be mutual and platonic again."
464,"AITA for telling my sister ""you used to be a bitch to me"" I will try and tell this as clear and non biased as possible as it just happened, but it is coming from one side so... My sister just moved back to where I live and wants to be part of the family pretty much and make it better; so she is organizing a family kick ball event. She came over for dinner tonight at my moms and wanted to know if i will come to the event that is a month away and is a couple hours with a bbg. I said maybe as i have just had back surgery and can't even drive really yet and still on quite a bit of medication. She keeps pestering me and telling me that she wants to have family events. She is pretty much down my throat controlling me telling me she needs to know if I will come so that she can tell me what to bring to a little bbq and kickball game for a couple hours. I repeatedly say maybe as i don't even know if i can get there or w/e and its a month away, but honestly I would love to go. I have been trying to get our family back together all the time and mend the relationship with my little sister as we always tend to fight. I have been always nice to her and she just constantly shits on me. She keeps saying that she is trying to get this family together so that her 1 year old kid can have a good family growing up. Then i say ""I have been trying hard to get this family together, but you have been a complete **bitch** to me for years"" in a not super serious almost joking manner. Then she gets all mad and starts to go off on me. Then says to her kid that they need to go home and that I don't want to be part of this family. She keeps telling me, maybe, is not an answer because she needs to tell everyone what to bring. After a bit of bitching from her I just say calmly that just put me down as no and could we please just stop fighting. She keeps going off. So now she is all pissed and my mom is a little mad. My mom and I kinda talked it out after pretty calmly as we usually do and I did say sorry to her that I called her a bitch. btw I live at home with my mom and I am a little older than I would like to be living here but, life happens. just some back ground on how each of us usually act. - me : very laid back and nothing much will get me angry. Not truly got my balls when speaking with my sister as she shits on me constantly and thinks very little of me. - sister : super controlling, very high strung and difficult. - I"
465,Am i an asshole in this thread?
466,"AITA for not outright asking my mum what she wanted to eat? Sorry, this is probably really petty and stupid, but it's just something that's been building up all day. So, I'm 18, I still live with my mum at the moment, and she woke me up this morning and started frantically asking me what I wanted to eat for breakfast, something quick and cheap, like McDonalds, because my brother has to be somewhere soon and doesn't have the time to get real breakfast or anything like that. Now, it's not uncommon for my mum to write things down on random junk mail, so she's got this old bill and is staring at it intently and I ask her what it is, and she just tells me to ignore it and continue texting my brother what I want, so I do, but when she sees me put the phone aside, she starts freaking out asking me what I texted him, did I text him? Like, you just saw me do it, but sure yeah I texted him, I wanted breakfast. ""But breakfast isn't being served anymore, it's over."" Makes me wonder why she asked what I wanted for breakfast, but I'm like, alright, and text him something else. I once again put the phone aside and she once again starts freaking out. ""Did you text him what I wanted?"" ""Oh, no, sorry, I didn't know you wanted anything."" I had assumed she'd wrote it down for him before he left. She gestures to the bill she told me to ignore, her supposed order written down on it I think? I'm still not sure what she wanted me to understand about the envelope. ""He's probably already there! I don't want anything now!"" and then slams the door in my face. At this point I'm crying. I know, probably pretty lame to do, but it was one half due to frustration and the other half from being yelled at like that. She's been pissed off at me all day. It's not uncommon for her to take her anger out on only me, seeing as how my brother also has anger issues and she's intimidated by him, so she goes for someone she knows won't fight back I guess. It's just been getting me really down all day, because I'm not sure what I did wrong to make her so mad at me like this. So, I tentatively ask, am I the asshole?"
467,"AITA for being a source of stress? I feel like I'm being an asshole to my friends. I've been a part of their group for about a year, and to date they're the only people who I can confidently point to and call my friends. However, about half a year ago my depression has picked up. I frequently have fears about being abandoned by this group and reverting back to eating alone at the lunch table as I have done for basically my entire life. During this summer I have attempted suicide twice, and at the beginning of the school year I've been hospitalized once for a serious suicide attempt. Now I am seeing a school counselor in weekly checkups to ensure that I'm mentally well, and my parents have locked away the medication to prevent further attempts. However, this fear is still there, and on a bi-weekly basis I have breakdowns in which I'd turn to my friends for support and help. Although they are there for me I can tell that these breakdowns are taking a toll on them, and that they'd now think twice before planning anything to ensure that I'm well first (the thing that triggered my suicide attempt was an outing they had which they had not informed me about). I can definitely feel that there has been a change in our group dynamic- one that makes me more important than I used to be- and I feel responsible and to an extent guilty for that. My breakdowns involve a need to be re-assured that I'm still close to them, and they are a source of stress for the entire group. I have tried to alleviate this stress in many ways, including not turning to them for help as frequently (I call the suicide hotline and use online resources) and not alerting them to the fact that I am about to abuse substances (I still do that on a frequent basis but I don't want to alert them to it) but I still do sometimes need to talk to them and every single time I do that everyone in the group gets extremely stressed out. I feel very guilty for making them stressed out and in response I've tried to be there for them as much as I can, and I'd, on my own initiative, ask them if they were feeling okay if it was apparent they weren't and try to make them feel better. But I still do feel like I'm more of a burden rather than a member in this group, and sometimes I feel like the best solution to all of this, the best answer that satisfies everyone is to simply cut myself off from this group. I cause a lot of stress and worry and I really do feel like I don't give enough back. But apparently people still want to hold onto sources of stress, and they pull me back in and act as if nothing happened. I don't know how to give back to them for being there for me as"
468,"AITA for Telling a Guy in Class to Stop Making Noises? I am sitting in a small'ish college class room. The professor starts the lecture. This guy sitting behind me is from what I can tell texting. Every time the guy gets a text his phone makes a loud buzzing sound. I am pretty sure everyone sitting within three chairs of him can hear it. He'd get like 2-4 texts, then it would stop for 30 seconds and start again. This went on for about 30 minutes. Eventually I got really irritated and thought about the nerve this dude has. So I turned around, looked at him, and said ""Can you stop the buzzing. It's annoying."" He just looked at me strange and I couldn't tell what he was thinking so before I fully turned back around I also said ""Seriously, please stop."" I didn't say it loudly. Only the people in the immediate area could really hear it but I did have a little venom in my voice. So, was I the asshole?"
469,"Am I The Asshole for Not Wanting to Take My Friend's Fall Pictures with his Girlfriend? So my friend, we'll call John, is 19. He is dating a girl who we'll call Becky is 16. As far as I know, them dating is okay. Whether or not, I refuse to take their photos. Here is why. Firstly, she steals money from him and makes him spend all of his money on her. He doesn't have a job so most likely it is his parents money he is spending. Secondly, she is taking advantage of him by having him buy cigarettes for her because she legally can't. Third, she makes him babysit her toddler sister and baby niece everything they are together. Lastly, she is a jerk to him. She is always bitchy when they talk and won't let him be with his friends. I'm not really one to do anything and I think he can do better. Am I the Asshole for Not taking their pictures because I cannot stand how she treats him? Tldr: friend's girlfriend is a using jerk and I won't take their photos EDIT: His parents have always told me to try and protect him. Like he has some IQ problems and is very impressionable. I feel it is my responsibility to help him."
470,"AITA for thinking Jennifer Lawrence is being hypocritical here? She tried to shame those who looked at her confidential photos when she was hacked, but doesn't seem at all embarrassed to have read confidential emails from the Sony hack. Disclaimer: I generally like her, but was wondering if anyone else had noticed the irony. http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2015/10/13/jennifer-lawrence-s-equal-pay-crusade-does-more-money-really-equal-more-respect.html"
471,"AITA for saying ""ALLAHU AKBAR"" in video games? When I'm playing video games I like to shout ""ALLAHU AKBAR"" while suicide bombing enemies. It's usually pretty funny and we all have a good laugh. Yesterday while I was doing the same thing, one of my random teammates politely asked me to stop because he was Muslim and it offended him. This got me thinking if I'm being an asshole. So, am I? **Edit:** Thanks for your input everyone! I'll make sure not to do this in public games anymore."
472,"AITA For saying I don't think the song ""Blurred Lines"" has anything to do with rape? Okay, I sort of expect that immediately people will just say yes, but maybe if I put it in context it'll make more sense. I was having drinks with some friends today, and we were discussing what the worst pop cultural thing to happen to our generation was. We started with Twilight, then the girl next to me said blurred lines. I asked oh did the song just annoy you or was it like the lyrics? She then said just all of it, she really didn't like. So I said, aw, I liked it! It was catchy and I think the lyrics were unfairly interpreted. Like how he says ""I hate these blurred lines"" kind of meaning the opposite of what a lot of people assumed. Then this girl fucking turned on me. She said ""Well as someone with personal experience of saying no and not being listened to, that is what the song is like for me."" I instantly said ""Oh I'm sorry that happened, but I just don't see it that way."" and then she said ""yes but I'm talking from PERSONAL EXPERIENCE"" Like jfc I was sitting there like unable to know what to say. I have never been raped, but I have been taken advantage of and as a person with social anxiety that event made me feel awful - however I never saw blurred lines as an anthem of rape culture. Luckily another friend quickly changed the subject, but I was left feeling really, really awful. Of course I respect her feelings and opinion of the song, I wasn't trying to argue it, just kind of defend my opinion as just that - an opinion, not an admittance of thinking rape is okay. I was talking about THE SONG. Not fucking rape statistics or the psychology behind such horrible events, and yet I feel like an utter cockwomble. In truth, I don't think she should have started a dialogue about a subject so personal to her if she wasn't comfortable accepting someone else's differing opinion on it, but at the same time, in my crappy attempt to back pedal I think I made it worse. Anyway, she was laughing with me about other stuff before we left and still on snapchat with me so I guess she can't totally hate me, which I'm grateful for as I really like to have a laugh with her. I just have never been made to feel like such a complete arsehole in a conversation before and have no idea if I ought to apologize or something."
473,"AITA for kicking someone from our media project? Okay, so this was a while ago (feel free to remove this mods if it's not recent enough). Possibly even 5 years ago at this point. But the effects of my decision still linger on in how the other guy treats me, so I want to know, was I the Asshole? We were around 17/18 years old working on a Media project where we had to create a film trailer for a hypothetical movie which would make up around 50% of our final grade. I happened to be in the same class as my lifelong best friend, and we had enthusiastically dreamt of creating a live action version of our joint favourite book series of the time (The Saga of Darren Shan). We were both lazy and lacklustre in most classes, but in this task we went 110%. I temporarily dyed my hair to match the part I was cast for, he started learning extra features of the video But then a couple of days into the project, our teacher informed us this other guy in the class was joining the group. Just to clarify (as it is an important point in the story, not part of my decision), this guy was physically handicapped (wheelchair-bound). I mention this because as soon as we suggested he find someone else to work with (as he had differing desires for a project entirely), we got berated by others for discrimination and bullying, purely because he was handicapped. We relented and allowed him to join. He immediately looked at what we had done, and wanted to change key points of the trailer to be more drama based. He didn't like the vampires from the source material (having never read the books, refused to, and instead based his knowledge off of our shorthand notes),so he wanted the vampires to be closer to those of Twilight. My friend and I found it stressful, but couldn't see an alternative. We continued as always, planning stuff out and researching. A day before we're supposed to shoot our first scene, he tells us we need to film at his place instead of the filming locations we found (and based the script around) near my friend's house and my house. Lacking transportation to his house 5 miles away, I apologised and said I couldn't make it. He then informed the teacher during their weekly review session that I wasn't making an effort, and I was locking him out of decisions. I ended up telling the teacher there needed to be an alternative, as we had worked hard on our project, and lost all enthusiasm as we were forced into working with someone that was manipulative, overdemanding, and wanted to change our plans to what he preferred. My partner agreed it was for the best, and the other guy had to do a solo project (a much simpler one to account for the lack of a group, he ended up writing mock magazine about music which he highly preferred). Regardless, he treated me with disdain"
474,"AITA for telling my girlfriend that going to someones birthday/passion party is weird? My girlfriend told me a friend of a friend is having a birthday/passion party. From what I understand, a passion party is pretty much where they try to get you to buy sex toys. I told her that was a weird concept for a birthday party. It doesn't even have to do with it being a passion party. I would find it awkward if it was a makeup/knife/herbalife party too. What kind of person would invite you to their birthday party hoping/expecting you to buy products? She seemed pretty angry about me saying that. Am I the asshole for saying that the party idea was a weird concept, or am I totally out of line?"
475,"AITA for accidentally interrupting a classmate, and then ""fixing"" it? I was in a discussion section today for one of my classes, and the room layout is a little funky. We all sit around a table, but it's not round or square--in fact, it's a long-ass rectangle, like an old-fashioned dining room. My school is very ""historic,"" so in addition to the old furniture, the lighting is kind of dim. My professor is great, but he doesn't have a ton of clear discussion policies when we're talking about a text (it's an English class). I'd say most people in the class, including me, raise hands to be recognized about 75% of the time. However, there are definitely many moments when, due to the pace of the conversation, people just tend to jump in without waiting--usually when the room has been silent for a little while, or when someone is asking someone else a direct question. Today in class, the professor posed a question, and there was silence for a little bit before I spoke up to answer (without raising my hand). However, as soon as I started talking, I realized my professor had begun to gesture towards another student, who was evidently raising her hand. I didn't initially see due to the nature of the room, but I (in a split second) figured it would be better to keep going than to cut myself off, so I finished my thought. My comment ended up sending the conversation down a different path than the original question (even though my answer was relevant, I promise), and I ended up feeling bad that the other woman never got to share her thought. When we entered the last five minutes of class, the professor asked if anyone had any lingering questions or comments. I piped up and said, ""I was just wondering if [student I interrupted] had any thoughts about [question from before]?"" (This type of question isn't atypical for the class--people often ask for a specific someone's opinion during the last few minutes because we all have fairly specific areas of expertise). I scooted forward in my seat to see her reaction, and she kind of embarrassedly and dismissively said ""Oh, not really..."" I felt really bad for putting her on the spot, but I also felt a little embarrassed myself because she hadn't answered my question. This class is obviously very heavily based in discussion, and one of our few roundtable rules is that everyone needs to at least attempt an answer to any question posited directly to them. This was pretty much the first time I had seen anyone violate this policy, and it definitely made me feel not so great. I keep feeling a little bad for her, a little bad for me, and I'd be happy for Reddit to weigh in and help me decide how I should actually feel, so... AITA?"
476,"Refusing to pick up girlfriend after she made me wait I don't have a phone ATM so she told me, come to the student lounge, I'll be done by 4. 7:00 rolls around and I go looking for her. After searching the building I borrow a phone and call her. Turns out she went to the other campus library with her friends. Now she wants a ride and I told her I'm not coming (we live together). Am I the asshole?"
477,"AITA for having a threesome with my friend and her boyfriend? Throwaway because I don't want this associated with my main. ""Rachel"" [18F] and I [18F] are good friends. Last night we went to her boyfriend [20M] ""Max's"" apartment to watch the Falcons game and get drunk. We drank a good bit (not so much that we were blacking out), and then we decided to go swimming in his apartment complex's pool. The water was freezing, so I suggested we take a hot shower. I figured Rachel and Max would shower together, and I'd shower after. Rachel invited me to shower with them, though, and drunk me thought this was a fine idea. I'm sure you can guess what happened. Rachel began to kiss me, we took our bikini tops off, and we had a threesome. The only guideline Rachel gave me was not to have vaginal sex with Max, and I didn't. We engaged purely in oral, although he ended up having sex with her while she and I did other stuff. I don't remember getting back home, but I did. I didn't spend the night there. I woke up to Rachel asking if she could come over. She did, and she basically told me that she was angry I agreed to having the threesome. Her reasoning was that she was more intoxicated than I was (she did drink more, but as I said, no one was to the point of blacking out), and since I was ""more sober,"" I should have known it would be a bad idea. I told her that this was ridiculous, as all three of us consented. She told me she doesn't know if we can continue to be friends. I think this is stupid. If I had been 100% sober, of course I would have recognized that might have bad consequences. But I was pretty fucked up too, so I don't feel I'm at fault. Additionally, she initiated *everything.* I'm even the one who asked her what she didn't want me to do with Max (sex). Now, I realize this may not have been the *wisest* decision, but I really want to know if I'm at fault here. The way I see it, this was just a stupid drunken decision by all 3 of us, but I don't think I'm some terrible person by agreeing to something she suggested...so. AITA?"
478,"AITA for my daughter not wanting contact with her mother. Seems like an clear cut black and white answer, which would be yes I am in fact the asshole here. However let me give you some back story. Four years ago the courts stripped all rights away from my ex and gave me full custody. She was to get her act together and get her rights reinstated. Meaning a job, housing, and stop using drugs and alcohol. None of these she accomplished, then to top it all off she was sent to prison, and was just recently released. My ex has wrote many of letters to our child and at first she was eager to write back. Now she doesn't want to reply at all, her mother has now been out of jail for over a month and not once has even attempted to call, or reach out in any way. Until the other night when this happened. She gets on FB and messages me with ""why is the child not writing back""? I responded with, cause she does not know what to say, my child then stated ""I can't even remember the last time I seen her, or what she looks like"". Furthermore my child stated ""she says in her letters that she loves me and misses me, but she doesn't call or show up to any of my events."" My daughter would ask me all the time why her mom doesn't come, and frankly I cant really answer, I did send out the invitation. Even well before I knew she got locked up. All things considered my daughter is now 10 years old, and I think is fully capable of making up her own mind on weather or not she wants to talk to her mother. She does not, however, I am being told by her mom that I am an asshole and should make my child right back. What do you think? What would you do?"
479,"My friend asked me to un-friend her ex-husband (almost 5 years together) on facebook So these two had kind of a nasty break up and its been about 4 months since their physical separation. He's moved on while she's still struggling to get settled in her new home. Today she received the last bit of legal paperwork to which she feels its the last part to their divorce. During the course of my conversation with her conversation she asked me to un-friend him. Now he hasn't done anything wrong by me, and while I trust my friend, I know she can be a bit of a drama queen. Some of their divorce details may be a bit exaggerated, so I am not sure he is a complete monster she makes out (he never cheated btw). I just don't see why I should un-friend him especially since we have all shared new years, Christmas and thanksgiving together for a number of years. She's pissed but... I don't feel like the asshole... Am I ?"
480,"AITA for asking a girl out then realizing I did not have feelings for her? This will sound immature, and that's because I am very inexperienced when it comes to the whole dating thing. Prepare for some cringe. **Some other background info on me and ideas I have of what she's like:** -I have severely struggled with social anxiety, constant negative thoughts about myself and have been going through some weird shit with family and questioning life and all that crap. I'm your average angsty young adult, that likes games, programming, metal and thinks he's the best next thing. Until real life happens and I realize I'm just another kid who has much to learn. -She seems very self-conscious about her looks, her family is very traditional and I have the feeling they protect her a bit more than normal. She has been going through some existential crisis too. I rather not make many assumptions since we barely know each other even though I have a strong feeling that we both have VERY similar views of ourselves. This may seem pretentious but the way I see it is she is like a female version of me, but in the past when I did not know how to control my anxiety. Silly, but it feels very reasonable to me when I think about everything that we talked about and both our reactions throughout this whole thing. To make it simple, I take a more realistic approach towards my negative thoughts and try to see things from a ""this is my head making shit up"" while she seems to let it get to her on a very personal, emotional level(Something I used to do a lot and still go back to doing when I let my guard down). **What happened:** I met this girl through facebook and we agreed to go out for some shit talking, some walking around and food. Simple stuff that wouldn't necessarily imply it being a ""date"" as far as I knew. I did not make it obvious that it was supposed to be a date and I did not make it obvious that it wasn't either, so that's my first mistake I believe. My intention was to leave it as an open, lightweight thing where we would both decide, as mature people(or I thought), if we wanted to go through with a relationship. What happened was something a bit unexpected to me. Since we had never actually met before, and only talked via messages, I had no idea how her personality and looks were ""in real life"". Via messaging she came across as being a very controlled, smart, fun person. In reality, I quickly noticed she took her negative thoughts on a more personal level than I had thought. Also, and this is another part where I feel like a huge asshole, I did not feel physically attracted to her as I had predicted. The last came as a bit of a shock and I still struggle to wrap my head around the concept of me, a guy so"
481,"Am I the asshole for not wanting my boyfriend to ""DJ"" around me? So for the past few days my boyfriend got a new phone and has been playing with some kind of music app around me in which he's mixing songs together. I'm hating every minute and gently encouraged him to finish a song and then play that for me, rather than practice around me because some of what he's doing just sounds awful and some sounds really great. I go to a college with a lot of music theatre majors who tend to go around singing in the hallways, which the rest of us at school find profoundly annoying. Sometimes my boyfriend can be really dense, and I'll tell him something and he just won't listen. I've had to explain to him what my major is at school about five times before he finally knew what I was talking about. Anyway, after he didn't listen to my requests for him to wait to finish a song to play this around me, I decided to be more clear, however I was also kind of mean. I said ""Fucking musicians don't care that nobody wants to hear them practice."" And explained that I'm subjected to practicing musicians daily and don't want to be subjected to this at home. I was already annoyed at him when I said this because he had taken me to the dentist in my car and didn't have a ride back home. He wanted me to drive him home, and I said ""What was the point of you driving me today? It was to not have to drive today. I'll get you a cab, but I'm really disappointed you did not think this through."" He thinks it's not a big deal because he got me where I needed to be and figured he would figure the rest out as he went along, but that kind of thing makes me wonder if he's even a reliable enough person to be my boyfriend. I know he doesn't do a very good job planning ahead for anything. I feel like I should have asked a friend for a ride, I have friends who are so much more reliable than he is. So today he texts me that I need to be more sensitive to him about his music. I really offended him with the 'fucking musicians' comment. I feel like I'm being generous by calling him a musician, when all he's doing with music is playing with a new app on his phone and he gave up on bass guitar years ago. We've been together since May and if he had thought he was a DJ in May I wouldn't have started dating him. I have always hated the guy at the party who thinks he's a DJ and has no real skills. He knows already that I don't like what I call 'song ADD' wherein a person doesn't play an entire song and keeps skipping and that's basically what he's doing with this app. I've also said ""Remixing a song"
482,"Am I the asshole for expecting my new roommate to pay me rent? I hope this is the right sub-reddit, but I'm sure you guys will let me know. Recently I decided to get out of my older, dumpy apartment and get into a nicer place. Fortuitously, I had a buddy who was looking for housing as well. The guy is super nice and easy-going, can't say a bad thing about him. He had recently moved to the area and had been living rent-free with family (cousin), but really wanted his own place. We settle on this sweet loft. Unfortunately for him, right when my lease is up, he has something coming up at work that is ALL-CONSUMING for a few weeks. Regardless, he still agrees to move forward. We sign the lease and put down the deposit. However, when it comes time for first month's rent, his check bounces. There's some excuse that his ""direct deposit didn't come on time, etc."" Whatever. He's super busy with work so I play it cool. I don't want to be a dick. Like I said the guy is really nice, and I would like the roommate relationship to start off on the right foot. Fast forward 2+ weeks - The guy still hasn't moved in due to 'being so busy with work' and still has not paid. We're at the 20th of the month when he finally gets to moving in, and I bring up getting paid for rent. He hangs his head and immediately things get awkward. He starts saying things like, ""yeahh, it just sucks paying full rent for 10 days, I know it's what we agreed upon but still... etc. etc."" I'm pretty unsympathetic since I feel I've been extremely patient with the whole thing. I handle it well and am just like ""dude, I know it sucks but that's what the deal is. You can't just decide not to move-in and then not pay rent."" I basically do the whole, 'not my problem' thing without being a dick. He reluctantly agrees and pays like a sad puppy. And here I am, feeling like an asshole for making him pay rent. Honestly, if he would've tried to set something up in the beginning about pay half-rent or whatever I would've been open to it. Should I feel like an asshole? Should I maybe throw him a portion of the rent back? Really seeking validation here. I 100% feel like I'm in the right here, but there are still pangs of guilt. Would like to hear your opinion on this petty issue here, Reddit. Edit: Guys thank you for the feedback. This is one of those deals where you know you're in the right, but your emotions make you feel differently. I appreciate the catharsis."
483,"Am I the asshole for not wanting to pay gas money? My friend put out to me today that he wants me to pay for the times that I have been in his car when we are going to events together (my house is on the way so he's not going out of his way to pick me up), my friend and I have an unspoken agreement that if we pay for something that person pays us back or gives us something of equal value, I could understand if he had to drive away to pick me up but its costing him literally nothing. His parents pay for the fuel and the only time that we have gone out of our way for me was to pick up drinks for a party that me and another friend payed for (which he, the friend with the car, drank) my other friend and I were talking about the money that I owed him for to make the drinks money equal spilt and my friend with the car starts talking about how I owe him for driving and how he wants $50+ for it (for a 10 min detour). So am I the asshole?"
484,"AITA for not splitting the cost of a dish we didn't order? I was out with a group of friends and we went to this restaurant to eat. We told the waiter our order and also asked cheese sticks to share. I ordered what was enough for me and I didn't need to order more. The waiter repeated the order and one of our friend, let's call him James, verifies for us that it was correct (so we didn't have to listen to all the orders again). The food comes and no cheese sticks. The waiter misheard and brought out a different dish (that sounded like cheese sticks in our language, to be fair). A part of the group decided that they would just share this other dish and get an additional order of cheese sticks. James felt bad for his error a bit, but things happen so we moved on from that. Now, the bill comes and this other guy asked us to pay the share for the extra dish. I told him I did not have any of it. Frustrated, he just offers to pay my share. I discover later that even the other people who did not take this dish, did not touch it, but paid their share. But I offered to pay my share (a bit reluctantly) and then the frustrated guy in his frustrated tone tells me it's fine. I didn't think of it ever since. A few weeks later, I was informed by James, a good friend of mine, that what I did pissed off frustrated friend so much as he deemed it rude. James then explained to me that it was somehow agreed upon to share the cost of the ""extra dish"" to all the people in the group. The problem was I did not hear of this discussion in the restaurant (and I would have agreed to it, if I was informed... I mean what's a couple of bucks to clear conflict / embarrassment of a friend...). And that made me seem like an asshole to some of the people in the table. He was the closest friend I had in the table, but he was also hesitant to call me out on this because it was partially his fault that we had to do something like that in the first place. Are they right in thinking I'm an asshole for not paying a share for the mistaken order (not knowing I wasn't informed of the decision of 'sharing' the consequence of the mistake)? Am I still the asshole even if I didn't hear about the discussion about sharing it?"
485,"AITA For claiming that the gold ps4 from Taco Bell is mine Yesterday my friend and I went to Taco Bell and decided to get a big box for a chance to win a PS4. I payed for the meal and while I was driving he entered the code. We won and screamed like a couple girls who had just met One Direction. Today he's saying that it's his since winning is a timed thing and I'm saying it's mine since I payed for the code. I didn't discount the fact that he contributed to winning, so I said I'd buy half of a PS4 for him. He initially agreed to this but now he's saying he should get more."
486,"AITA for not liking my dog? This all started when, along with my partner, I made one of the worst decisions of my life. And that was was to get a puppy the exact same day as I was about to begin 6 months paternity leave with our 6 month old first child. Now, I had never been a dog owner before, or a father to a baby. So both were new experiences to me. I had no idea (naive maybe?) how much time, effort and attention a puppy needed. So whilst stressed to fuck with a new baby, and on top of that a puppy that constantly needed feeding, taking out for shits/pisses, wiping up the accidents, it's safe to say that my head was going. Fast forwards 3 years, and my son is now 3 and half years, our dog is around the same age and now we have a new baby on the way. I find myself getting more and more annoyed with said dog. Taking it out for the necessary walks three times a day are becoming more and more of a chore and I can't see things getting any easier when the new baby arrives. It's got to the point where it's not that I don't have the time for the dog, it's just that most things he does annoys me. Don't get me wrong, I have my moments when I'm like, fuck man, sort your shit out. This dog is amazing. He's always been great with my son, has never shown any aggression and generally just does dog things. But still, I just get annoyed at the smallest things like when he follows me around the house. So basically Redditors, AITA for not liking my dog?"
487,"AITA for being pissed that my friends are secretly taping me and sending the videos to each other? I live with these two girls, Charlie and Veronica. I've been friends with Veronica for about two years, I met Charlie this year. I'm not at home that often, but every time I am, I try to sit down with them, chill out, usually Veronica and I smoke weed, ect. Well I can get a little goofy whether I'm intoxicated or not, but I feel like every time I let my guard down they start taping me, but only recently did I learn they do this. Veronica knows I hate having pictures taken of me because I hate my body, ect. Charlie tends to tape lots of people. (Also when I say tape, they do it on their iphones, sometimes through snapchat, ect.) Well anyway I have told them to stop but they keep doing it. It's really embarrassing. I have never had friends who do this. I feel like when I'm with my friends, I should be able to let loose, have fun, and not worry about how people are going to judge me. Veronica says she doesn't send them to anyone but Charlie and Charlie to Veronica - but Veronica has a whole slew of these tapes in her phone. So today, while we were having dinner, they started talking about them, and I bitched them out a bit. Now I am really fuming. i told them if they keep doing this shit, I can't be friends with them (although I didn't say this definitively or very seriously - the context was more light-hearted, but I was trying to make a point.) I am not sure if I can trust Veronica with the tapes. Once, she audiotaped one of our old roommates having sex for the second time, and it was really horrific, and she had everyone listen to it. So I feel like it's dangerous to have shit like this, even if they're just tapes of me saying stupid, silly things. Charlie hasn't really done any of this, but her boyfriend complains all the time about her taping him too. So am I overreacting? Is this a normal thing for friends to do? I know it sounds light hearted but I'm always paranoid they're going to do it again. It's really upsetting me. EDIT: Also I know that they're doing it because they think the things I say are funny, and Veronica is doing it out of a ""love"" for me, but it still pisses me off."
488,"AITA for wanting my home to myself? So I just recently overcame a nine month fight with homelessness. But, the people I was homeless with, especially one guy who we shall call Johnny. So Johnny and I have been rolling together since I had first became homeless. He had helped me out with places to go, food to eat, and he had pitched the idea of going to Montreal, which had appealed to me because I had wanted to go there anyway. So I had agreed. Johnny got a job at some health food restaurant and is awaiting a couple of other jobs the come through so he can start saving for the trip. He had even paid my phone bill, so I could get my job back. And is even willing to pay to get my state ID so I can work the 16.5 an hour job that I have been wanting. But, now that I am in my place, Johnny has been staying with me along with another guy I was homeless with (let's name him Ash). Ash used to give me sandwiches and cigs and smoked me out whenever he had the chance. Now Johnny is wanting to sleep in the bed, and since he has helped Me out so much. I was okay with that, but I would like to be able to sleep in my own bed. I haven't had one in a while and I want to truly appreciate it. But, I don't want to seem selfish or ungrateful. Also, Johnny is very loud, kind of argumentative, and holds very weird views with vehement passion. This kind of puts some people off, and has sent my roommate into vicious bantering sessions between Johnny and him. After one of these sessions, I pulled my roommate to the side and asked how he actually felt about Johnny being there. He had told me that he hadn't minded Johnny being there just not every night like he has been all this week. I don't know what to do. I don't want to betray the people who helped me get into an apartment, but I don't want to jeopardize me being able to keep the apartment because of Johnny and my roommate bumping heads. And I honestly just want to be able to be on my own and get my life together. I kind of regret agreeing to go to Montreal now, because I want to get my life together and get out of debt and go back to school and get my life on par again before I just up and leave the country. I just don't know what to do at this point . So AITA for wanting my space in this matter?"
489,"AITA for wanting to break up with my long distance girlfriend? So me and my girlfriend started dating in high school about 4 months before graduating. Everything was going great until the end of summer when she moved 4 hours away for school. We mutually decided that we should go for it, because she initially said that she would return to our current city to go to a university here after this year of university ends. However, just by what she tells me, she is very enveloped in the school in regards to clubs, activities, professional connections, and a LOT of friends. And because of all this, she never talks to me unless I initiate conversation over text. I don't know if this is a common thing among girls to just never talk to the guy first, but it's pretty ridiculous that I ALWAYS have to start conversation if we are going to actually talk. Anyways, I don't want to have to wait 4 fucking years for her to finish school just to see if this miraculously works out. Even then, she could just decide that I'm not worth keeping around and completely remove me from her life before then. I know it was kinda stupid getting into a relationship at that stage of my life, but knowing me, I wouldn't have been able to live with myself knowing I never at least gave it a shot. So, am I that asshole for thinking it would benefit us both to end this emotionally draining relationship that I'm not enjoying?"
490,"AITA for not wanting to room with my friend? So here's the situation. I'm a sophomore in college and I am in need of an apartment next year. My friend and I have been searching for an apartment together for about a month or so, but we're starting to run out of options. All of a sudden, I find out that my current neighbors are in need of a fourth out of 4 people for their apartment next year. The price is over $100 cheaper per month than anything my friend and I were looking at, plus it's only a five minute walk from campus and is actually a pretty nice place. The thing is that I would essentially have to ditch my friend. My gut tells me that I should look out for myself and go with what I consider a pretty good deal. But at the same time, I know he was looking forward to living together and doesn't really have that many other friends he can ask to live with him. Especially this late in the game. I do know that my current roommates are in need of another person, but their apartment is one of the units that my friend and I were looking at, i.e. not as good of a deal. Idk how well he and my current roommates would get along, but I figured I could let him know about it out of courtesy. Also, another thing I feel I should mention for the sake of full disclosure; I'm having second thoughts about living with him beyond all of this. He tends to be very erratic and a tad lazy (doesn't do assignments or readings, always procrastinates but always shows up to class and takes notes. So could be worse). I would say that's about 20% of the reason why I'm thinking about living somewhere else, the rest being price, location, quality and availability of the apartment. So yeah, I haven't done anything yet, but would I be the asshole for essentially ditching my friend? I mean on the one hand, the apartment is a really good deal, but on the other hand, I really don't want to hurt his feelings or inconvenience him or anything."
491,"AITA for being a little insulted by my boss's gift? I work retail for a small company, nothing you would have heard of. I've worked for the company for about five months, and in that time, my location's sales have skyrocketed. I've been promoted to manager (a promotion in title only, i don't really do much authoritative stuff), and I've been offered additional promotions. I've turned them down due to other circumstances (namely a lack of transportation), but all of this is to illustrate that my boss has good reason to like me and keep me happy as an employee. Last week, he showed up at my location on a day when i wasn't working and dropped off an ipad for ""me/the store."" As far as i can tell, it's for me, and I'm welcome to use it for research at the store, but it's really mine. He said it was a gift because i was doing so well with sales, and to help encourage me to keep it up. Not unheard of, and i was thrilled to hear about it. I dropped by the store to pick it up, and my excitement...faltered. it's an old ipad 2, which is swiftly becoming outdated/obsolete. It's refurbished, which i don't really have a problem with, but...it's broken. There's a massive dent in one corner which prevents the glass from sitting properly in the frame, so dust gets underneath the screen and generally fucks things up. The home button also doesn't work. Fortunately, i know how to fix all of these things, and i have the resources to do so. I'm just a little miffed that he gifted me a broken device. I don't know if he *knew* it was broken and knew I could fix it, or if he just didn't check it out before he gave it to me. **in summary** My boss gave me a broken ipad as a ""you're awesome, keep it up"" present. **boss points:** he didn't have to give me this ipad, he did it out of generosity. He may not have known it was broken, or he may have trusted me to fix it myself. He may also have gotten the best he could afford - I'm not important enough in the company to know how much extra money there is to throw around. **my points:** it's *broken.* if this gift is a reflection of his opinion of me, I'm honestly insulted. It's an old device, bordering on useless, and it's broken. If you really cared, wouldn't you get me something nice that reflected it? I feel like an asshole for being upset, but my husband thinks I'm justified in being insulted. I'm not going to give it back or do anything like that...looking a gift horse in the mouth and whatnot. I'm going to suck it up, fix what's broken, and use it if i can. I'm just wondering if I'm right for being miffed."
492,"AITA for confronting my landlord? So slight backstory: my landlord is VERY meticulous. He lived in the place we are renting out for something like 15 years so he is very particular about things. Just making coversation with him one day in September we mentioned that we were looking to buy a house soon (we are month to month so no worries there). Since that comment, he has come up with many reasons to come over. He did an inspection (the first after living here 18 months and he brought a realtor), put in new floor, powerwashed the house, put on a new front door + painted it, and repainted part of the garage. He also has plans to mulch, stain the deck, and paint more of the garage. Before we told him we were thinking about getting a home he had not done any work whatsoever. Anyway, most of this work occured over the last week and a half. All said and done, he spent about 25 hours at our house over the span of 10 days. Most of it he gave us 24 hour written notice (sometimes it was slightly less, but we let it slide since it was like 17 hours). Honestly, we wouldn't mind that he is at our house so much, but he criticizes us every time he comes over. The house is never clean enough for him (he complained about some leaves and dirt on the frame between the screen door and front door) and there is always something else he wants us to fix. Well, after having him in our home so much, we got a little fed up and told him that it seemed excessive that he was doing this all at once. He got very defensive and brought up that the lease says he can do maintenance, which it does. We feel he is violating our privacy a bit more than Is necessary and the timing of all these renovations seems to be related to our home search. He thinks we are being overly sensitive and not letting him do his job."
493,"AITA for not sharing my Spotify premium account with a friend? (I'm male and 15. It asked for age and gender so there ya go.) So I'm friends with a guy, we'll call him Drew. I've known Drew for a little over a year and we're pretty good friends. Last week he found out I have a premium Spotify account and immediately asked for the account info so he could use it. I denied him this because: * I don't feel comfortable sharing passwords and account info with anyone, no matter how much I trust them. I don't know if they'll share it with anyone past that and I have potentially sensitive information on there * It doesn't feel right to me that I work to pay for it and he would get it for free * I don't want him fucking with my playlists (selfish but ya know) * I don't want him deleting/locking me out of my account somehow (Again I trust this person to some degree but those are still my reasons.) I explained these points to him and he got pissed at me for not letting him have it. I called on our friend Evan as a third party and Evan agreed with my reasons and respected them but also sided with Drew slightly saying that it was a dick move to not let him use it. In my opinion he's not neutral because he mostly sides with Drew on this (and other things) So Reddit, am I the asshole for not letting a guy use my Spotify premium account for the above reasons? I'll answer any questions."
494,"Am I the asshole for not wanting our dog in my room? Okay, so we have 2 family dogs, one that doesn't shed, and one that sheds like crazy. I have some pretty bad skin issues and it seems that whenever dog hair gets in my room or on my bed it gets much worse, (not allergic to dogs, however). Today my little sister came into my room, this is how the conversation went: ""Hey, can the dog stay in here for a bit? I'm trying to do something and he won't leave me alone."" ""No, I don't want him in here, he gets hair everywhere, can't you put him outside?"" (We live in Arizona so it's not exactly freezing outside.) ""No, I don't want him to go outside, can't he just stay in here?"" At which point she starts trying to bring him inside. ""No, *sisters name*, I don't want him in here, he's a dog just put him outside."" ""YEAH THANKS THEDRAGONCOURIER, I KNOW HE'S A DOG"" Then she starts shutting the door. So yeah that's how that went down, parents got onto me as well and said I should've just let him in. Am I the asshole for not letting our dog into my room? I love him to death but his hair causes me issues when I sleep in it."
495,"AITA for going out of my way to be mad at a payroll office? Alright so here it goes, I'm 18 and a freshman in college and in the middle of September, I got an on campus work study job. I started working in the middle of a pay week so I only got about half of the pay that I would have expected, (The amount of money doesn't matter in this situation). So I set up my direct deposit having 65% going into my debit card, and 35% going into a savings account for books and other school stuff next semester. For some reason, the payroll office canceled my savings account before my first paycheck. No big deal really, I just got about $45 in my debit card and the rest came as a check in the mail a couple days later. So here's where the annoying shit starts to happen. The day before I get payed the second time, a pay stub goes out online. When I got home I went to see how much money I was supposed to get and when I checked, it said my money was going into a cr tl;dr Am I the asshole for wanting to complain to my payroll office for fucking up my pay. Edit: Ended up not calling. Figured I would just let it go cause there's not use in getting mad when it's all over."
496,"AITA for not helping her pass? My best friend and I are in the same A&PII class and she NEVER studies. She says she wants to study, then when I get there she's pantsless on the couch with her boyfriend... She's upset with me because I have an 87 and well on my way to an A in this class and she's failing. She says it's not fair that I'm not helping her... but I honestly don't know what to do. She doesn't get that she's an adult and I can't make her do anything."
497,"AITA for participating in a gun buyback? This is in response to /u/dgwingert 's call for ~~more assholes~~ more quality AITA material. I am within driving distance of a major city that has its police force running an ongoing gun buyback on weekdays during normal business hours. You show up with a handgun in a backpack (A felony in the state if you are unlicensed), they take it out and check to see if it's functioning. If it is, you leave with a $200 Visa gift card. So, I went around and purchased a couple guns for under $100. I turned in one, and plan on turning in the others in between now and Christmas. As you can probably tell, I have no problem with what I did, but some people online seem to have a differing opinion."
498,"AITA for trying to keep, friends and family separated? Here's the situation, I'm 23 and for that first time in my life I've moved out o from under my parents roof and in with 2 of my absolute best friends. I've come to the realization that I was raised very differently then them when it comes to family. They (Kelly and Austin) we're raised in big family oriented households and so every friend that they had in their lives met the whole of their respective families fairly soon. I however was not raised in such a family oriented way, I never had any friends meet my family unless it was absolutely necessary (going out of town, having a sleepover or what have you, things that required a parent or guardian to be aware of what was happening). Anyway a few weeks ago somehow meeting my now, Kelly and Austin have still never met my family but about a week ago it got brought up and I said I didn't want them to meet because it wasn't necessary. That's not to say they have no way to contact my family, I've given my friends my parents' phone numbers in case of an emergency and vice versa they want to meet and be incorporated into my family. I have met and get along famously with both of their families but then it wasn't really my choice to meet them it was just sort of a last minute thing. I don't really have any reasons for my friends to not meet my family other than it's not necessary or that the parties involved wouldn't mesh like I do with my friends it would be more like saying hello to someone in an office, nothing really there just a social obligation to be nice. Just curious if I'm in the wrong here."
499,AITA for wanting to get rid of a noisy bird in my neighbourhood? I posted about this on the sub for the city I'm in [here] and received a surprising amount of hate. I was genuinely looking for innovative ways to get rid of this bird. It's super-loud (earplugs don't help) and isn't even endangered.
500,"AITA For mimicking mentally and physically challenge people? Now since there was a call for more assholes, I thought I'll let myself be grilled because, reasons. So here is how it goes. Me and my group of friends share the same kind of humor, we basically enjoy a wide range, from puns to satire to even dark humor. Now this jokes that we have are always shared among ourselves and out of earshot of anyone. Apparently I have a knack for imitating the kind of verbal communication that a person with down syndrome, short-tongued, tourettes,stroke etc may have. So seldom times there would be a little joke that arise that imitating such actions just add to the humor. I do it, everyone laugh, we have a good time. With all this political correctness, social justice warrior and sensitivity thingys going on, tell me /r/AmItheAsshole , am I the ass for doing something in a private setting that would otherwise be offensive?"
501,"Am I the asshole for asking my sister to get me some ibuprofen? For about a week now I have been sick, fever, cough, headache etc. I've been taking some ibuprofen to help with the pain and it's been working perfectly. So today as I feel the illness start to dull down to a complete stop, for what ever reason all my symptoms came back today. My fever, chills and aches are kicking my ass again. Even walking around kills my body and hurts and aches bad. In light of this I ask my teenager sister to help me out by getting my ibuprofen from the downstairs cabinet with water. I shoot her a text asking her. No response. Another text. No response. I end up calling her asking her to come my room for a second. She rejects the call. I already pissy stumble out of bed and try to make my way to my sisters room. She's in there just on her phone and the first thing she says is ""stoping calling me""."" I then retell my circumstance and then she starts hiding under her blanket telling me ""I don't want to see you throw up"" I then start yelling her to help me and she starts going off about how it not her responsibility to take care of me. I explode and tell her how rude and ungrateful she is and go back to my room fuming. Should I of done it myself or should she have helped me out?"
502,"AITA for wanting to play a game while my parents came over unannounced? You called for more assholes and I never thought I'd be here thinking that I am one, but here I am. So here's the background. I'm addicted to Destiny. Can't stop thinking about it constantly. I want to play all the time! Unfortunately I can't play any time I want because it's my roommate's Xbox1 and I can only get a lot done when he's working and I'm not. Which is Thursday and Friday evening and Saturday and Sunday. My mom and I[23F] are really close. We share just about everything with each other, and ate sometimes more friends than mother/daughter. I moved out in June because of my brother and dad and it was good timing for my friend/roommate who was moving out. For the first few months, I was really good about going over once a week for laundry and to watch the shows that I normally watch with her. October has been tough though. I went out of town, started a new job (in addition to my 9-5), was helping with my best friends wedding, and, of course, playing Destiny. I haven't been over in at least a few weeks. THE INCIDENT IN QUESTION: The new hard mode raid came out recently and I've been trying so hard to beat it. This is my first fps so I'm not very good. I've had a friend who has very patiently been helping me get through it, but we still get people who rage quit because I keep dying,which I take very personally. I played a few hours on the raid Thursday and Friday and was planning on beating it yesterday, thinking I had 4 hours til my roommate got home and might jump on Halo. We originally had plans to play scary games with our other friend and drink and have a good dinner as well. Well he got home and I still wasn't done. He was totally ok with it though. I'm 4 hours in at that point, stressed/tense as hell, feeling like it's totally my fault we're not being successful and really tired too. We're trying to beat the final boss and I had just died and we wiped to start it over when there's a knock on the door. It was my parents. No call or text warning. If it was any other time, I'd have been happy to see them. But I was like a deer stuck in headlights. I didn't know what to do. I told my group to hold on a sec and someone bounced. I was so torn i was about to cry. I'm 6 hours in and so dedicated to just getting it over with. My mom said that it was fine! They thought about calling and realized at that point that they should have. At that point they left. Then today I figured since I didn't have plans, I'd go do laundry there and hang out. My mom didn't answer her phone so I called my dad and"
503,"AITA for punching my best friend in the face after he made out with my girlfriend, who he is also best friends with? Pretty much the title. We were at a halloween party and everyone got pissed off their face. My best friend grabs my girlfriend and pushes her up against the wall, banging her head a little bit, and starts to make out with her (after the party she said she felt really guilty and dirty and did not want it at all). When I saw what was going on I grabbed him by the back of his shirt and punched him square in the face and made his lip bleed. I feel like an asshole because 1. If I was sober I wouldn't have been that violent 2. He (and I) were making out with other people at the party before that, the difference being it was more consensual and not as full on. Plus I know this guy has had feelings for my girlfriend in the past and she has rejected him, so maybe my insecurities played a part 3. This was wildly out of character for him, I know he would never do anything like this normally We talked about it in the morning and me and him are still best friends and we cleared things up, but other people who were at the party now look at me like I'm pure scum. Are they justified in that? edit: just want to add that I didn't smack the lad for making out with my bird, it was for taking it too far. She was making out with other people in the night, and I was fine with that."
504,"AITA — Roommate wants to use living room for TV, but is asking too much. First, it's hey, can I use the living room with my girl. Gut reaction is hell no I'm not giving it up, but before I say what I'm going to do I ask if he means I put on headphones or I'm out the apartment. He says he doesn't mind if I watch, but that playing bass even through headphones would be annoying from the string sound. So I say fine, I was gonna be on my computer anyways. My desktop has it's own screen next to the larger tv he plans no using. No, my desktop isn't mobile (no wireless internet), and my laptop isn't an option for the work I want to do tonight. He says using it would be a distraction. I feel that's bullshit. We both bought headphones so we could not disturb one another while using the other screen. We've literally had this situation before, where I was watching something while he and his girl were doing whatever on their screen, but now it's an issue. Sure, our screens have been moved to 4' closer now that we've moved our room around, but I protested the setup, and he was fine with it, so he should have seen this coming. But trying to not be a dick, I say fine, just tell me when you're gonna be in there so I can plan around it. I even have cooking to do. He says he's not about to schedule when to use the living room, he just wants to use it. I'm like bruh, I'm not asking you to schedule, I'm asking when do you want to use it so I can accommodate you. He says he's not sure when, only that it's after 7, and they're not sure if they're even going to watch a movie. At this point, I want to say fuck you, we bought headphones for this exact purpose, you can deal with my light or go to your room because I've watched movies while you were watching your tv before. Am I the Asshole? Edit: I'm thinking of saying > ""I've got headphones and I've offered to work around what you want. My desktop isn't wireless. My laptop has been malfunctioning. I don't think it's fair I'll have to completely stop what I'm doing in the living room when I've never asked you to or would."" Edit: We talked. AFAIK we're no longer heated, I'll probably never make a fuss about it again."
505,"AITA in this band drama? From the summer of 2005 to the winter of 2007 I played in a band with some high school buddies. We recorded one album and started a second but people got busy with college and what have you. Some time goes by and I have the guitarist send me the files for the second album and chat with some of the guys about finishing it. In 2012 I move back down to Los Angeles and meet with the guitarist over unrelated business. The subject of the second album comes up and my recollection of things is that he basically gives me his blessing to take over guitar duties on the album. He hadn’t recorded anything and my understanding was that he didn’t even play guitar anymore (and in fact I had purchased two of his guitars from him). And honestly I think I was probably a little too excited about taking over. You can probably see where this is going. So fast-forward to a year or two later. I record guitar and keys at our friend’s studio. We bring in our bassist to record bass. Our vocalist lays down vocals. Our sax player does his thing. Photos are published to Facebook. People are excited but there’s a lot of “man, I wish Guitarist was here” talk. Giant red flag, in hindsight. In November of last year I get a text from our sax player to the effect of “Guitarist is pissed. You need to call him”. I call him right away. He is, in fact, quite pissed. “How could you go behind my back like this??” I say that I thought we had worked it out and everything was cool. He says “That was two years ago. I don’t even remember having the conversation” I apologize and say “what can I do to make it right?” He says “I’ll think about it and call you back” I feel sick. A day goes by. Two. Three. A week. A month. I call him in January (of this year) and leave a message. No reply. Drummer calls him a couple months later. No reply. In July I buy a ticket to his EDM show in the hopes that I can force an interaction. Well, he’s doing quite well and spends the whole show in the VIP lounge of the swanky club where he’s performing. I text him and he texts me the next morning: “Dude, you were at our show?? Awesome!” We have a brief back and forth and I don’t push anything. I wait a couple of weeks and then ask if he has weekend plans. No response. I texted him today on his birthday like I always do. He says “Thanks man. Hope you’re well”. Sometimes I feel like I’m autistic or something. Anyway, I know I fucked up initially but I feel like I tried to make it right. So who’s the asshole here? I don’t even care about the album anymore; I just want he and I to work our shit out."
506,"AITA for rejecting my mother's ideas? Hello, all. I am, at the moment, a sophomore in high school (16 years old, contrary to my user name). My mother and I generally have a great relationship. However, when it comes to creative differences, she and I clash. I would like to point out that this is not a new issue, only that we had yet another one of our fights, and I don't know how to feel about it anymore. For my art class, I am creating an [artist trading card] in the style of an artist named Jamie Poole. [His art style is using text to create images.] As you can see, it is a tedious style to remake. Because of this, I was (and still am) unsure of what to make on the card. So, I asked my mother. She said something along the lines of, ""something that reminds you of home."" I replied, somewhat abruptly, ""how would I manage to put that on a tiny card?"" She was clearly very offended, so I apologized and asked her to continue. She had said (again, I am paraphrasing), ""well if you make a house, it would be easy because there are straight lines."" I wasn't really fond of this idea, but I knew I was on thin ice at this point. Because I didn't want to offend her further, I replied with a neutral ""okay."" Now, typing this, I see how that seems like I was being facetious, but that thought didn't even cross my mind. I said it in a manner that suggested I felt as though I were walking on egg shells (somewhat condescending, or even patronizing). She got pissed. After a few moments pause, I apologized. But of course, I had to ruin it by saying ""sorry.... for saying okay."" Looking back, I see that this is very immature. An argument commenced. She asked why I ask for her opinions if I reject them, I asked why she got offended when all I said was ""okay."" She said she was offended by my initial reaction, I told her I apologized (granted, I did). At the end of it all, I did apologize genuinely for offending her. However, I fear she thinks I was being facetious again, as I said it with a somewhat angry tone (it is difficult for me to sound genuine after an argument, even if I am). Again, this isn't the first time something like this has happened. It happens quite frequently with writing and art. I continue to ask her because I respect her opinion, but sometimes, I don't think her initial ideas will necessarily work out in my favor. It is usually the same or a similar argument as above. Me asking my mother for advice, rejecting her first idea, and her storming off because she is offended. Anyway, am I the asshole? Thanks. ^^^Also, ^^^if ^^^you ^^^have ^^^any ^^^ideas ^^^as ^^^to ^^^what ^^^to ^^^make ^^^for ^^^my ^^^project, ^^^^that ^^^^^would ^^^^^be ^^^^^^peachy"
507,"AITA for saying the Berkeley Protests were a dumb idea and wont accomplish anything? There was a protest today in Berkeley. Here is an [article] Basically, some student said he was going to hold a lynching in December. Today 2000 students walked out of their classes. The administration caught the kid who did it. It was not a protest against the administration. It was a protest against a single guy or something like that. So. AITA for saying that it makes no sense to be protesting against this one kid? Protesting wont get rid of intolerant people. There will always be racist, hate filled people. I also said that these kids paid to go to college but then they decide to waste some of that and not attend class for a simple protest that wont change anything? I would be totally ok with a protest if the administration was not doing anything about it or something like that."
508,"AITA for being annoyed with my dad's hypocrisy My parents helped me out by watching my kids for a few days while my husband and I had the flu. We are very grateful for the help. My dad picked up fast food breakfast a couple of times. We always had very intention of paying him back, we just have to go to an ATM because we don't have any cash on us. He makes it seem like we won't pay he back, which is ridiculous because we always do. I am so angry about it because we always pay him back if he picks up food. When we visit we buy our own snacks and drinks because we don't feel my parents should have to take care of it. We pick up dinner for them and don't expect anything in return frequently. We have not relied on them financially since we were married. My sister, on the other hand, is constantly taking their money. She never has money to go to the doctor's or to pay for her prescriptionso, or of she needs anything. I know my parents have given her over a grand this month alone. It isn't my business, although I do worry about my parents. I would understand if they were tight for money, then we would have gone right to the ATM, but they're not. We have never left without paying out fair share. A grand to my sister is no big deal, but under $40 and he makes a big deal over it. My sister has always been his clear favorite, but this is a bit ridiculous. Am I wrong to think it is unfair to be treated like a mooch when there was never a chance of us leaving without repaying him?"
509,"AITA for not going out with friends when it started raining? Long story, I was supposed to meet with my friends for some japanese food, but the weather got bad last night, and since I don't have a car yet (just turned 18) nor my parents could take me, I didn't go. Now they are upset and not acting like always because of it. Was I supposed to go? Also, it would be the first time I would've hanged out with them."
510,"AITA for withholding sex from my boyfriend? Throwaway account because the bf knows my real reddit name. Backstory: He quit his job because they were piling more duties on him and refused to give him a pay raise. this went on for a year before he quit. he has yet to find a job and its been over 2 years at this point. i have had a constant job this whole time getting paid well but not enough to get our own place and all that. i have been actively withholding sex from him for about 2 years now until he gets a job. actually im starting to think im asexual tbh but thats a whole other issue. he brings up how our lack of intimacy has a negative effect every once in a while but usually he just....takes care of himself. i buy him everything he needs. i dont have a car, he does, but i pay the ins and gas. i pay for our food and rent and everything. am i a bad girlfriend?"
511,"AITA if I get high tonight? So, my ex needs time because she needs time to tell if she wants to be friends or try again. Which is fine. I totally get it. However, she hates when I get high without asking first because it's a trust thing. Recently, she's said that she no longer cares what I do. Would I be the asshole for getting high tonight? I feel bad for not telling her, but at the same time she's off doing her own thing and doesn't seem to care what I do anymore in her own words. I'm asking because she knows my Reddit and may get pissed if she sees me on /r/drugs. Disclaimer: This isn't about addiction. I'm not an addict, never have been, and seldom do drugs. Her wanting me to ask her before I get high is a trust thing. It's not because I have a prior problem wth narcotics. EDIT: Thank you guys so much. This is one of my favorite subreddits!"
512,"AITA: For cutting many of my social ties? I'm in my third year of being a full time college student, and am entirely responsible for my own finances. I pay: rent for my studio, car insurance, bills, you name it on my own, meaning I have to wait tables for roughly 25 hours a week which is in and of itself pretty exhausting. On top of that, a huge passion of mine is powerlifting, and the only time I can make it to the gym with my training partner is 6am. As you can imagine, between early mornings and late nights I'm pretty tired and often find it difficult to make time for friends. By the time I get off of work I want to just go home and work on homework or catch up on some sleep. If I do go out I like to spend time with my girlfriend and her family, who I'm quite close with. This is kind of a far cry from the social person I was in highschool. Many old friends have told me that it seems like I'm outcasting myself and acting antisocially and I can't say I disagree. When I do try to alocate time for old friends we sit around and play games, which is fine but I often feel like I'm wasting an evening by playing 5 hours of smash bros as opposed to doing homework and watching some tv at home. I think it's honestly a combination of outgrowing my friends who seem to have a lot of free time on their hands and just finding that I can be a very introverted person. However, anytime I see an old friend and tell them it's been awhile I always get a ""well maybe if you fucking texted us every once and awhile"" back. Am I the problem here?"
513,"AITA: Buying something just to avoid exiting by the same exit that my friends? Before anything, sorry for my english, it's not my native language. Some context, last weekend, I hanged out with my friends and friend's friends to pass the day, we were a group of seven and decided to pass a good time. During the day we ended in a little mall, and ended buying some videogames. No, this is when things when problematic, one of the members of the group R. (he and I had a common friend who was also there) said that if he found something interesting, maybe he would steal it. That took me by surprise and I asked him if he was joking, he showed me his headphones and he said he obtained that way (In the supermarket of the mall we were, in fact), and he and his friends do it often. I told him he wasn't alone, and better don't do anything illegal, for everyone's sake, he laughed saying that it's more how Carrefour (Were we were) treat their employees and nobody gets harmed a lot with what they were doing, decided to avoid a scene, and end the discussion with a warning. We ended in the supermarket, one of my friends began looking in the bargain section, R. said that it was ridiculous how nothing had an alarm and you could pass the checks with almost anything, the he looked the computer mouses and he complained all of them had an alarm on them. I decided that it was enough, I told them I had to go to the bathroom, I grabbed a coke and pay it meanwhile they continued looking at bargains, I waited outside meanwhile they were buying their things. In the end he didn't steal anything that day, but I didn't trust him and decided separate of the group, as I hate get into problems, and I was afraid of being confronted by the police, mainly a bit of paranoia as he was looking at really expensive things (he even checked an Iphone alarm), but I fear that at the end I was a coward or an rude asshole with them, as I went outside alone, mainly by my nervousness."
514,Am I the asshole for immediately hanging up the phone when salespeople or operators from phone companies call? So I get at least 3 calls daily from various companies offering a better phone plan and after about a week of answering the phone normally and telling them i am not interested I just started hanging up on them immediately.
515,"Am I an Asshole for badmouthing a friend's husband after the marriage because I didn't have a chance to evaluate or warn my friend before it happened? My friend Bruce is almost 50, and he just married another dude in his 20s, and no one in his family or circle of friends has met the guy, or knows anything about him, except that he's from another country. Basically, Bruce has been in the closet his whole life and never told anyone about the guy he was seeing, because he was afraid that his family, boss, and/or friends wouldn't accept him if he admitted he was gay. Turns out no-one on that list is bothered by the gay thing at all. (A couple people said ""I always knew"" because Bruce conforms to a few stereotypes, but no-one has a problem with it or is trying to distance themselves.) So now that he's told a few people, Bruce's friends are finally starting to get details about the new guy (but only a sister and a niece met him in the Justice of the Peace's office). Most interestingly, Bruce has only known the guy for three months, and this new husband needs a green card, but ""that's totally not what it's about"". Also, as details start to bleed out, I begin to realize that the new husband's story is matching up to a mysterious acquaintance Bruce has been complaining about for a few months. Turns out the new guy is getting sued for some civil thing that sounds like a crime to me, and has a dog he absolutely refuses to take proper care of, and just seems more and more like a general sleazebag every time a new story comes out. Everyone we both know is afraid to say a word to Bruce about any of these problems, because they don't want to seem homophobic...and the marriage has already happened, so it's a little late to say the guy isn't good enough. But I've decided not to be quiet, and told Bruce a week after the announcement that anyone can appear to be ok for a few months...it can take years to discover that someone is a nut or a monster, and it sounds like his mystery guy is already looking like someone you don't want to enter a long-term life commitment with. Despite the fact that he asked what I think many times, Bruce told me to mind my own business and is now pissed at me for ""badmouthing his husband"". But the way I look at it, this is a consequence of him concealing the relationship until after eloping. I had no opportunity to try to help him make a careful choice or save him from a bad decision when it was only a faint idea. I wouldn't be a good friend if I told him some severally sketchy stuff looks A-OK to me, would I?"
516,"AITA for wanting to un-invite a girl from my Friendsgiving/Thanksgiving dinner? There's a girl I know who's a transplant like myself, and about a month ago while chatting in a group the idea of me having a Thanksgiving dinner was brought up because I was wondering who might be in town. She said that she would probably come if I had one, and just recently she told me she would definitely come. But now the problem is I want to uninvite her now because she doesn't really.... talk to me. She's pretty close to another girl I know, and they chat in person, text and hang out in person, but whenever we see each other, this girl barely talks to me, and when I text her she usually doesn't respond, or if she does it's with really short responses. I feel bad because like I said, she's a transplant, but I feel really weird about having someone in my house who like, refuses to text me back? As far as every day life goes, I'm not saying she has to want to talk to me or be my friend, but if she wants to come to my house, I think she does. I kind of already told her I think it's weird that she doesn't talk to me but she's coming to my house in a couple of weeks, of course she didn't respond and when we saw each other next, she didn't mention the text at all and again, barely talked to me. Am I the asshole? How do I tell her she's not invited anymore? **Edit:** Okay, thanks for the advice, point received, everyone's invited yippee. Pizza for everybody."
517,"AITA girlfriend was in a fender bender My girlfriend exaggerates a lot, and most of the time I can never gauge how serious a situation is. I got a text from here earlier to today, ""I was just in a car accident."" Obviously extremely vague, but nonetheless I freaked out. I tried to call her multiple times with no answer. Apparently she was talking to a cop. She told me everybody was fine, but other than that I had no way of telling if she had just been plowed by an eighteen wheeler or bumped in the rear on a turn. So I continued to panic until I saw a picture she sent of the accident. According to her story, a man had waved her on at an intersection and she went and the guy started to go too early and gained too much speed. The man hit into the back right wheel-well. Picture showed a small dent and some scratches. So after hearing this I was extremely relieved. I told her how scared she had made me and how glad I was she was okay. She hasn't been talking to me all day very much. She is acting as if this was some life traumatizing experience and she can't handle any interaction at the moment. She cancelled plans with me and all I got from her after she got back from work was ""Sorry, I'm gonna shower and get some sleep"" (This was 8 o'clock). So, am I an asshole if I am getting annoyed? I understand this may have scared her. It would have scared me too. But I, and most other people, would just move on, being thankful nothing bad happened. If it's worth mentioning, I don't buy her story about the 'accident'. She is not a very good driver and I feel like she was probably to blame for part of it. I don't know, I'm pretty annoyed but I want to know if I'm the asshole before anything else."
518,"AITA for ignoring a spider hanging in front of door entrance First post, but I'm pretty sure I know the verdict already. I'm in high school, then the bell rings and everyone's going to their next class. I have to go outside for my next class; however, near this particular doorway there is a spider hanging from its web maybe a foot or two from the door frame at face-to-upper torso level. It looks difficult to avoid the spider if one doesn't know it's there. I typically try to help others when I can, but I really don't bugs (especially ones that ~~bite~~ exist). I don't know where that thing is going if I hit it with a book or something. If it stays on the book, then I got nothing to get it off with and I would just drop it on the ground looking mental to any passerbys. If it swings around and comes on me, then I'm flailing and screaming in public (not something bystanders would appreciate). Nobody is walking my way from the inside and this door is in a small hallway beside a staircase, so nobody sees what I do or don't do, yet several people are 4 seconds or so away on the outside and walking toward the door. I try to act fast and think of something to do, but I panic and just go to class full of shame. I don't know what happened when they got inside, but I don't think they were happy about it. Am i the asshole for ignoring this spider? P.S.: Any spiders commenting their views should state they are in fact a spider and their post may be found biased."
519,"I'm not recoloring my Facebook profile pic. I feel terrible about what happened in France. I lived in Brooklyn in 2001, so I am not oblivious to how tragic a terror attack can be. But I HATE it when a slacktivist cause or a coerced togetherness movement makes the rounds on Facebook. It's just such an empty gesture, usually only undertaken to assure your circle that you are one of the ""good"" people who ""support"" the approved causes. But I don't think France is checking my profile pic for moral support. So I don't do it...just like I never share those stupid chain posts, even when my friends post them and include inane threats like ""I'm posting this to see who really reads my posts. If you're a true friend, you'll share this."" Does this make me reasonable, an asshole, or a shitposter?"
520,"AITA for calling out my ""friend"" for being a scumbag? On facebook, I have a ""friend"", we'll call him Peter, who runs a firearms general services business. He offers courses in self defense and for licensing purposes. In response to the Paris attacks, he expressed his condolences and begins to spout how if France had a second amendment, like in the US, this wouldn't have happened and the ""importance"" of it. Just to preface this next part, I own weapons, support the second amendment, and support strong sensible gun laws. At the end of his post, he goes out of his way to start advertising his business and saying how his services can keep people safe from events like what happened in Paris. I got pretty upset at this part of his post and told him so. I felt as if he was fear mongering and trying to make a profit of a tragedy. I let him know that I thought what he was doing was scumbagish. He got defensive and called me a sheep and anti-gun and that he was on the ""frontlines"" helping to keep people safe. I maintained my position and it went on like that for awhile till he blocked me. I get that this is his business but it seemed like such bad judgement and bad timing. Am I the asshole for calling him out?"
521,"AITA for not wanting to show up to work after a car accident? Recently my car got totaled because someone decided not to pay attention while driving and rear ended me. They tried to swerve but still ended up hitting me on the right side of my bumper. That caused me to lose control of my wheel and my car swerved into the opposite side of traffic. Another car hit the side of my car and it got towed away. I was scheduled to work later on that day and I was feeling dizzy so I called my boss to let him know I can't make it to work. First thing he says is, ""I can call an Uber for you"" I told him that people suggested I go to the hospital. He then says, ""So which one is it? You can't make it to work because of your car or are you going to the hospital?"" I ended up having to ask my co-worker to cover for me and stay till close. I drove to work later on that week with a borrowed car. And my clock in number wasn't working. I thought I was being delirious so I called him. He says he'll call back and when he did... ""For some reason your number was deactivated"" and gave me a new one to clock in. The following two weeks I was given 11 hours per week. My co-worker even told me he thought I was bullshitting cause I refused his Uber offer. Who wants to come into work after an accident?? Not me. If he wanted proof I would've gladly sent a photo. I feel like he wants to fire me.. AITA?"
522,"AITA for somehow trying to un-justify my friends actions ? I'm talking to my friend who has a rather unique name, she sends me a picture of a dude from Instagram with a Russian name and asks me what does it say, I say the name in English and she laughs and says ""Haha oh god"", I ask her what's wrong and she writes "" Her name "" I went on to inform her that it's actually a male name, and it isn't really appropriate to laugh at other peoples name, then I asked her how would she feel if people would laugh at her own name, and she replied "" They already do "" I said that it's still not a reason to laugh about other people's names but then she just said ""I don't wanna talk about this"" and then she gives me the cold shoulder. Was I the asshole here ? What should I do ?"
523,"AITA for screwing up my roommates registration I'm a freshman in college that has a lot of trouble falling asleep. I usually try to go to sleep around 12 everynight. So my roommate gets high everynight and watches youtube videos and eats chips in bed from the time he gets back (around 1) until he passes out with his laptop on. I've tried asking him to put on headphones or watch the videos outside of our room, but to no avail. One morning after a rough night of sleep I went onto his computer and disabled his wifi through bios. I planned on enabling it again after one or two nights just to catch up on some sleep but then forgot to enable it before he had to register for next semesters classes, long story short he got none of the classes he wanted. I feel really guilty but after a whole semester of terrible sleep and me asking him to stop it was at least a little justified."
524,"AITA for not wanting to help anymore? Yesterday I met an old lady with a dog, crutches, and many heavy bags, she asked me to help her carry the bags to the shop nearby. Okay, no problem. Turns out the bags were too heavy for her to carry home and she wanted to leave them in the shop until the next day, but the guy from the shop didn't let her. She was so distraught, that I told her I lived nearby and I could keep her bags overnight. She was very happy and grateful. She asked me if I could cook the eggs that were in the bag and perhaps buy her some cheap macaroni and cook it too, since she didn't have gas or electricity. Sure, I can do that. Now, today. I cooked the eggs and macaroni as promised. The lady did show up. But when I handed her the bags, she said she'd get them ""next time"". I asked her to come in and have a seat, she asked if I minded if she ate some of the macaroni now. I didn't mind. But, when we were talking, it became clear that she has a more long-term arrangement in mind. She wanted me to give her my schedule, so that she'd know when to come, and I would cook her eggs and macaroni (sorry that it keeps repeating, but apparently that's all she could eat) and she'd visit a few times a week and pick them up. And here's my problem: I really don't want to do that. I'm a cynical person, but the lady does not seem to be a scammer to me. I don't know if all she is telling me is true (about her illness, about lack of electricity and gas, that when she met me she hadn't eaten for days and so on) but she's definitely...well, old and not very healthy because of that. She's really nice and I don't get any shady vibes from her. She insists to give me money for everything and offers to share her food with me, her clothes suggest that she's poor, but she's not dirty or smelly or anything like that. She's very grateful and sweet and generally seems like a nice person. But. I really don't want her to come regularly. In fact, I don't want her to come at all. I was happy to help then, but, and I'm cringing as I write this, I'm not a charity and I didn't sign up for this and I really don't feel up to doing stuff for her on a daily basis. I know it's a weak excuse, but I've just emerged from depression, even though I'm still on the brink of it, I can't even deal with my everyday uneventful life, and the thought of having this responsibility is too much for me. And I know it sounds stupid, calling this a ""responsibility"", but not so long ago I would eat nothing all day because even making myself a sandwich was too overwhelming. And I'm afraid"
525,"AITA: My mom started going to college around the time I started as well. She can't keep up with the work and now relies on me to do it. However, I can't do it because I have my own work to do. I can't fail for her. Am I the Asshole? A little back story…. My mom was born in the Dominican Republic. She grew up in a relatively poor family of farmers. In 1984, she came to the states to pursue a better life for herself and her four younger brothers. When she came here, despite English not being her first language, managed to complete high school in 3 years. She did later attempt to attend college and managed to complete three semesters. However, college did not come without a hefty price. College was too expensive for her while she assisted her parents and her younger brothers in paying the bills. It was a luxury she simply couldn’t afford. Not having a college degree in today’s day and age can’t get you far, as we all know. Before the time she enrolled, she was laid off. She figured getting a college degree would help her chances of finding a new job [she found one, but not as good as the last one.] We enrolled, at different colleges, around the same time….. And that’s when the conflicts started. Like I said, English isn’t her first language. She can speak and read it well enough, but god forbid she needs to write something down. So that’s where I come in. And holy fuck, can the timing be bad. I has to constantly write her papers when I also had my own papers to write. It was tough, but she’s my mom, so I sucked it up. Although, last semester she needed me to write her a 7 page essay that was due the same week as finals’ week. (Required a lot of time consuming research). Granted, I did it. And I still managed to ace my courses. But my god, was I stressed and exhausted. That was a rough week. And I was kind of furious because it almost compromised my chances of passing my classes. I told her, after that week, that I can only help her so much now, since my courses are getting more and more difficult and I need to devote more time to them. She told me she understands, and will lessen the requests. Fast forward to this week, I have two very big midterms. If I fuck up on these tests, I just literally wasted my entire semester. So I’m in hardcore study mode. Fuck my friends, fuck my family, fuck my life. I NEED to pass these tests. And, of course, my mom has an essay due on the day of one of the tests. It’s also a big part of her grade. Due to my situation, I simply flat-out said no. Me: “Mom, I really want to help you, I do. But I cannot afford to fail these tests.” Mom: “Please [Jonastty], I really need"
526,"AITA For calling my friend spoiled ? So, a week or so ago my friend bought a new pair of shoes. He skates alot and comfort is very important to him so he's very particular about what he wears. Flash-forward to today and here he is poking holes in and tearing the soles out of the shoes, so that he can buy a new, better pair withouy getting lectured by his mother. His logic is that if he ""needs"" a new pair his mother won't care about him buying a new pair. Now, I don't know everything about his home life and how strict his mother is, but come on. He did some childish shit and I called him out on it. I said that was dumb, short-sighted, and that he could have done a million more constructive things with the old shoes. Now he has the new shoes and thinks I'm too critical of him. Am I in the wrong here ? BTW He bought both pairs with his own money, not his mother's. And he wasn't even sure she'd be disappointed. TL;DR- My friend ruined a new pair of shoes to avoid POSSIBLY being lectured. I told him he's stupid. Now he's mad."
527,"AITA Wanting to use MY monitor when he was falling asleep A Few details before going into the story. My buddy house is the ""Hang Out House"" for my friends and I. A few months ago I left a spare monitor over there so that when I felt like bringing my Xbox over I could. I have no problem letting anyone else use it so long as they respect my belongings. Well the other day I headed over there with my Xbox and saw that another acquaintance was over with his console plugged into it. I said nothing, not wanting to be rude then I noticed that he was sitting there with a blank screen falling asleep. So I asked if I could hook up my system and he looks over with his eyes barely open and says ""Well I just hooked my system up"" in a far less than polite tone. So I replied ""Well it is my screen"", suddenly he stands up and says ""Well if your going to be a dick about it!"" and starts to unplug his things muttering about how all he'd wanted to do all day was just come over and play his game. I look around the room to wondering if what I'd said was really that rude. Am I the Asshole?"
528,"AITA for wanting more than this crappy $400 car? (Lots of car talk) Growing up I have never been one to ask for much, l've just never felt right asking for things, it just feels awkward to me. I've also never been one to feel sorry for himself, but recently l turned 16 and shortly after my dad drives home in a 1973 (or 76 i can't remember atm Chrysler LaBaron Convertible, one of the wooden ones (it's a K car) and says that he had just bought itfor $400. At first I was excited about it and even really liked it. But then he told me that it was mine if l wanted it, my other option being to buy my own car. Normally would be fine even happy about this, but my parents have given my brother 3 cars. So about when my older brother was my age our great grandmother died, my mother inherited her car and my brother received it for Christmas. believe that it was an older Honda Accord but still a decent enough vehicle. Eventually after a few years he ended up totaling that car. Next there was some Saturn four door, another $2000 car. After only 2-3 months the transmission blew on it. Finally they got him some $2000 average sedan (probably another Honda). So in the last 5 years or so my parents have or more in Cars. We're a part of the upper middle class and live in a nice enough neighborhood if that is important at all.) My brother and my dad used to fight ALOT and my brothers grades gradually declined throughout high school and he smoked a lot of weed. I include this because I have never fought with our father to the extent that my brother used to, my grades have always been decent to great and my father has never caught me doing any sort of drugs. l have the money to buy myself a better car, but l would rather save it in case I need money in college or l have trouble getting a job afterwards. And I'm not sure if it would be rude or not to do so (never look a gift horse in the mouth. One of the main reasons l want a different car is this one is just not the kind of car to pick up girls in in my area haha. All things considered, Am l The Asshole for in my head wanting, even half expecting something more than this car with a lot of character that my father bought for $400?"
529,"AITA for leaving my friend and causing my ex to get a ticket. Alright. Let's say my name is Josh. Make it easy. I'm 16 for reference and a junior in high school. So this happened tonight. I texted my friend - let's call him Nate - asking if he wanted to hang out. Sure, and he proposes that we go hang out with my ex - who we'll call Abby - and her friend - Jane works. I said ""No"" because I knew it would be awkward for pretty much everyone. Nate and I agree we'll hang out at my house for a bit, and then figure out something to do. I go and pick him up from his house, and as we're driving back to my house, Abby calls him and says she and Jane are buying ice cream from dairy queen and asks if we want any. Nate immediately says ""I'll have a Reese's and Josh will have a chocolate."" He didn't actually ask me. I tell him I don't want anything. He offers to pay, and it's not worth arguing, so I turn around and start driving to Dairy Queen. Well, they were actually 45 minutes away at a different dairy queen. I drive there, just to not leave them there. When we get there, Nate bails, and says he was kidding about paying for me. I pay up, but he knows I'm starting to get annoyed. We then go into a Target to kill time. It was awkward. Very awkward. Abby and I didn't really talk and it was a lot of silence. I didn't have a good time, and I told Nate, ""I wanna just go hang out with some other friends or at least go back to my house. This isn't fun at all for me. It sucks."" He says ""Okay, we'll go to your house once we leave."" 15 minutes later as were walking out, Nate gets the idea in everyone's heads we should go play laser tag. I groan and give him an evil eye. ""It'll be fun. I promise it'll be quick."" We go to this place - I'll just call it the arcade - that has bowling, arcade games, laser tag, a ropes course, and an assortment of other things. We agree to just play a quick game of laser tag before hand. When we walk in, Jane says we should buy the unlimited pass and do a bunch of stuff. The unlimited pass is $25. They all now want to buy the unlimited pass, and Nate is trying to convince me to pay for Abby, and he'll pay for Jane. I say no, and convince them to just do the one laser tag game. I go up and buy my ticket first. The three of them... go up and buy unlimited passes even though they said they'd do just the laser tag game. We all go to the laser tag first. ""We'll play laser tag first and then just a few games."" As we get right to the front, they"
530,"Friend slept with Girl I like/d? AITA So last semester I fell for a girl, asked her out a couple of times (that didn't go as planned). So that passed, but at the time we talked about it and he advised me on various things around it. So he fully understood I liked her, recently I found out that he slept with her a month ago. I found this out through his friend while drunk at a bar, so I presume he didn't tell me as he knew it was i'd be upset/ I wouldn't like it? Considering he is probably my closest friend I would avoid the situation in reverse, he's not desperate either/didnt want anything else from it. So is my anger and cold shoulder justified? EDIT SPOKE TO HIM Well he chose not to tell me for a month, found out of a friend. He slept with her a couple of times and said he didn't tell cause it was he felt bad. But now I feel like I may have been the asshole for expecting too much? Am I the Asshole for expecting my closest friends to avoid sleeping with people i've recently liked? considering he's not struggling, just wanted sex not a relationship and tried to hide this from me?"
531,"AITA for not wanting to pay my coworker? I am a server at a restaurant, and I work the dinner shift. I wanted to have last Saturday off, so I asked my coworker (let's call her Deb) if she could cover for me. Deb was working the morning shift that day, so she would've had to pull a double shift to cover me. To sweeten the deal, I offered to pay her $50 as a thank you. She agreed to the deal. I just recently found out that our manager allowed Deb to leave before dinner on Saturday because we were adequately staffed. Seems like a win for everyone. But now, Deb is asking me for the $50. It might seem petty, but I don't think I owe her this money. It was a thank you for a favor that she didn't end up doing. I understand that she was willing to work, and I obviously would've paid her if she had. It's a gray area for sure, but am I an asshole if I don't pay her?"
532,"AITA for lying all the time? Hey guys, so I know that nobody likes a liar. Neither do I. But somehow I just can't help myself - whenever a little lie is much more convenient than the truth and I know that nobody cares enough to check the facts, I lie. Sometimes it's just that the lie is easier to explain. For example, if someone asks me why I look so tired, the answer might be that before going to bed, I spilled a huge mug of tea behind my counter and I spent half the night taking my kitchen apart and trying to soak up the moisture. But it's easier to just say ""I didn't sleep well"". When I'm late because I spent too much time on reddit and forgot that I still had to take a shower, I will say that I took the wrong train because I feel like that's somehow more excusable. However, I would never say that an old lady fell at the stairs and I stayed with her until an ambulance arrived. Even if it actually happened, I would probably still go with ""wrong train"". And if I tell a funny story, I add a ton of details hoping to make it more entertaining. On more serious issues, I'm completely honest though. And I never blame anyone else for my mistakes, I usually just find a more likeable excuse. Is this just an annoying behaviour that I should keep trying to overcome (I'm working on it) or does it really make me an asshole?"
533,"AITA For getting with a friend's ex? (For context, everyone in this story is 17) So a good friend of mine was in a relationship with this girl for about 9 months, then a couple of weeks after he broke up with her, we started talking. I didn't have any intentions of getting with her at first, but as they often do, one thing led to another and we started dating. I wanted to tell him face to face so after a couple of weeks of dating her, when I finally got the chance at a party, I told him, and he really did seem fine with it. Except later on that night he drank a bit too much and got emotional - I've known this guy for years and this is the first time I've seen him in tears. I messaged him the next morning asking if he was okay, and he was, saying he didn't mean anything he said while he was drunk and that he was fine with us two dating. We're still dating, and he's acting cool with it, but I've known this guy for a while and I get the feeling that he isn't really happy with us. I get why I should feel bad but he broke up with her, so I feel like this is more of a grey area, am I the asshole?"
534,"AITA for parking in an ambiguously designated space? My town is very hilly, we're talking switchback roads with houses on stilts hanging off the cliffs. The roads are too narrow in most places for two cars to pass each other, so someone has to pull off to the side to let the other car by. As a result, if you don't have your own driveway you have to park in designated ""street parking"" spaces, which are just little turnouts of various shapes and sizes, big enough for one or two cars depending on the space. The one I usually park in is ambiguous. I think it can fit two cars, but it's tight, not a lot of room to turn around with a second car. My landlord thinks I'm being rude when someone else is parked there and I pull in next to them. She texted me asking me to move so that the neighbors won't get mad at her. I don't know if they actually are mad or have said anything, but their guests have certainly parked next to me when I've gotten there first."
535,"AITA for asking someone not to smoke? This was a while ago, but I keep wondering whether what I did was just a bit cheeky or actually rude. My sister and I were at an amusement park, waiting for a ride. The wait was going to be about 15 minutes or so. The girl in front of us lights a cigarette and begins smoking. Normally that's fine, I abhor smoking as a rule for myself but I know it's not my place to tell other people what to do with their bodies. However, we were in quite close proximity to her and my thought was that I didn't particularly want someone blowing smoke in my face for the next quarter of an hour. So, I tapped on the girl's shoulder and asked her if she could please not smoke right now, as my sister has asthma and smoke exacerbates it. The girl shrugged and stubbed her cigarette out. That wasn't a complete lie, as my sister does have asthma, but it's not that bad, as far as I'm aware. So, verdict, rude or not?"
536,AITA for not hanging out with girlfriend on her Bday So back in August I met this girl (we'll call her Jessica). Jessica and I started talking a lot and in early September we started dating. The relationship was pretty casual. We go to different schools so I would only get to see her on the weekends. Most of the time we would watch a movie or get food together. From what I could tell we were both pretty content with the direction the relationship was headed. *Before the story starts I want to lay out a few dates to prevent confusion:* **Finals Week**: November 2nd-6th **SAT and Jessica's birthday**: November 7th The first week of November was a stressful one for me. I had to take 5 finals (trimester schedule) and the following Saturday I had the SAT (I'm a junior in high school). To add insult to injury that Saturday was also Jessica's birthday. Obviously I wanted to make it special for her but I knew I was going to be completely exhausted by the end of the week. Friday after school Jessica and I were texting back and forth trying to figure out plans for her birthday tomorrow. This was my first time taking the SAT so I told her I'd most likely be free around 1 in the afternoon. Jessica tells me that should work because the rest of the night she is going to the mall with friends and getting dinner with her family. I also text her wishing her a happy birthday and give her a heads up that we will play tomorrow by ear because I will most likely be to exhausted to hang out. That night I purposely get to bed early with the intention to be rested enough to hang out Jessica. The whole night I was tossing and turning because I was so anxious about the SAT and making the day special for Jessica. Saturday morning I'm up bright and early at 7 AM and head over to the testing center. I text Jessica one more time wishing her a happy birthday and that I will text her once I finish the test. Overall the SAT took about 5 hours with the breaks we got in between sections. The test officially ended at 12:50 PM and I was completely exhausted so I got in my car and drove home. At 1 PM as I was about to text Jessica she texts me asking what the plan is. I text her back telling her that I am way to tired to hang out with her and that I need to go home and take a nap. She seems a little disappointed (which is understandable) and I text her back that I'm super sorry and that we can do something special tomorrow (she was busy the rest of the day). Jessica wasn't agreeing to hang out on a different day and eventually she stops responding to my texts. Late Saturday night (like 11 PM) she texts me out of the blue asking if she
537,"Am i selfish? So i have spent the last 2-3 years building a pretty nice computer. Iv paid for every cent myself and built it on my own. It wasent like it took me the whole 2-3 years to get enough money but iv had a car and other bills to pay for as well. On top of this iv tried my absolute best to be the best kid to my parents that i can. I try to be as considerate as possible and haven't gotten into any trouble, not at home, not at school, and definitely not with the law. My sister on the other hand, and im trying to be unbiased here, has not been the best person. She is really rude and inconsiderate. Just a toxic person in my opinion. Well i found out this Christmas my parents are building her a pc that matches the specs of mine to the T. So my little sister, who hasent worked a day in her life, is getting a 1500 dollar handout. Am i an asshole for feeling extremely jealous about all of this? As a side note, i have never gotten a gift or handout even comparable to this size."
538,"AITA for sending my Dad to our neighbour who doesn't STFU? Our neighbour never stops talking. Nice guy, sure, but he doesn't take verbal or physical cues well at all. Today is my first day off work for 2 weeks now, and I wanted to relax and play Fallout 4 for just one day. Next minute the neighbour rocks up and starts chatting to my dad for about 20 minutes. I'm making breakfast, but my dad wants to send me over to the neighbours place with a USB to print off some files for him. I'm like, Dad, what the fuck, my whole day is gone now, (I won't be able to get away from him) so I put the files on the USB and tell him to go over. I instantly feel bad, so I offer to come over with him to try and get him out of the neighbours place. My kindness was rejected with a swift, ""Oh cool, you can go over then. I don't know how to use the USB anyway"" So then it's back on me. I didn't want to spend 4 hours of my only day off in two bloody weeks in my neighbours place talking about his third grandson's nephew's best friend, so I packed a sad and told my dad I didn't want to waste my time there. Now I feel like an asshole, because it's already been an hour and I can hear him talking from here. Am I the asshole here? Because I feel like one, but thinking about it, it's my dad's files, not mine. It's my only day off in two weeks. I offered to go over with him, and he instantly screwed me over. :') Gahh help pls."
539,AITA for wanting to join a group for taking the midterm? Quick info: \- The last midterm for my worst class is online so we are able to take it in groups. \- I took the last one by myself and got a B- while the group got around an A. \- I'm obviously doing this to get a good grade but I'm also willing to buy coffee or food for the group. Would it be asshole-ish to ask to join?
540,"AITA for not wanting to get my cousins gifts? I'll get right to the point: my girlfriend's father died. The whole situation and the way/time it happened was just completely awful. She felt like she couldn't even move that day because of how horrible she felt. Later on, she asked me if I would go to the funeral with her, even though it's far away. I said of course I would, I want to be there to support her. So I tell my mom while I'm driving her to work that I'm going to be gone friday and be back sunday. She immediately reminds me that my cousins have a dance recital over the weekend, and I'm being a little selfish for not going to see them, because ""you have a family, too."" So I kind of just sit there not sure what to say. I told her I love my cousins and I love watching them do what they do well, but that I think a person dying is more important than a dance. Then she says if I HAVE to go, I need to at least find them presents while I'm out of town. Something cooky and crazy they couldn't find at home, because she's sure we'll come across lots of weird stores. I just sat there in silence. I got so fucking mad over that. The fact that 1) she did not really react much to my girlfriend's father's death beyond ""oh. that sucks. i'm sorry for her,"" and 2) she makes it seem like I'm going on a fucking road trip! This is not going to be a fun trip! I'm not going to shop all weekend, I'm going to support my girlfriend while she mourns her dead father. And when she realized that I was a little pissed with her, she got mad with me. She started getting really passive aggressive and treating me like I was being irrational about the whole thing. But am I the asshole for not wanting to get my cousins gifts while I'm away?"
541,"AITA for expecting someone to buy me a pair of earbuds after breaking them? She knocked them off of the couch and practically immediately stepped on them accidentally. I saw her a couple days later and mentioned in passing that I need a new pair. She exploded and first claimed she didn't break them, I did. And then later told me how she can't afford to buy me a new pair because she has Christmas shopping to do. I mean seriously, I just want a new pair. And obviously if I had the money I would buy some, but I literally have no money at the moment."
542,"Yes, I prefer Super Smash Bros. to sex. Now please fuck off. AITA? That is all. I was briefly sort of seeing a girl. It was an extremely weird relationship because we never talked to each other before midnight and nobody saw us together. ""We"" did not exist. We randomly met one night and formed an emotional bond. We subsequently started hooking up but she wanted a relationship before sex and quite frankly I was not emotionally read for that so we just agreed to keep things low energy. I think she still wanted to hook up regardless of our relationship status because she kept pressuring for it at later points. She became way too demanding and one night she blew up at me when she came home from a break early and abruptly showed up to my room. I was way too fucked up to properly spend time with her and quite frankly all I wanted to do was play Project M, which is a mod for Super Smash Bros. I told her this and she then assaulted me verbally and left. One of my friends came back two days later to pick up his controllers and I guess he put two and two together. I never sleep with pillows and all of her pillows were on my bed so he deduced what had happened because he is friends with her roommate and spends quite a lot of time in their room. When I told him what had happened, he was unsurprisingly shocked and kind of insulted me. He told some people in our friends group and now they are giving me a ton of shit. One guy I dislike also said something about how I'm a ""pussy [n word]"" for choosing the joy stick over giving joy to girls with my dick (hehehe). So basically now everyone thinks I am a dick for somehow leading this girl on and disrespecting her in the ultimate way by choosing a joystick over my dick. So yeah guys, I prefer Smashing to fucking. Deal with it. I have to study for a stupid Psych test but fuck that. I'm going to Smash. But first I gotta know this: am I the asshole in this situation? I may be an asshole overall, but I don't think I'm doucho numero uno in this situation-o."
543,"AITA for stolen shoes I just bought some clothes and a pair of shoes. I noticed that my girl didn't ring up the shoes but put them in the bag. So essentially, I got a free pair of shoes since I didn't tell the woman. Am I the asshole?"
544,"AITA for telling my best friend that I don't want to lie to his wife and enabling him to cheat anymore? First off I need to point out that my question is purely about my actions of the other night. I know that up until that point I was very much the asshole for going along with it, but am I the asshole telling him that I want to stop? I also want to point out that I'm very very much against cheating, I've never cheated and have never been with another mans SO. Well my best friend has been doing just that with his ex and his wife. Several times he’s made me claim that he was hanging out with me when in fact he was over his ex’s house. His wife is not stupid and can tell that he’s lying but she trusts me enough that when I say that he’s with me she believes it. The marriage is falling apart and has been since the beginning. They went from meeting to engaged to pregnant to married in the space of about 2 months and every step of the way I was urging them to slow down. At this point they hate each other and are both miserable and there exists no trust. That being said she, at least seems, to be trying a tiny bit harder. Well he’s still in love with his ex (who also happens to be the mother of his first child) and is biding his time before he leaves his wife for her. At this point he admits that he’s only around to help take care of the new born but will be leaving very soon. He’ll still help take care of her and will seek split custody. Ok so the other night he’d gotten me to lie again that we were running an errand while he really went to see her again and “Talk”. Later when I went to pick him up from her house I told him that I did not want to help with that anymore. I don’t want to lie for him, I don’t want to drive him to her house I don’t even want to know what’s happening. I may not respect either of them anymore but I need to try to regain some of the self-respect I lost while helping him. Well he lashed out and said that I was going against the “Bro Code” that if I was really his best friend I’d want to help him be happy. That I helped for this long why stop now? I told him that I do want him to be happy and I understand that the ex is who will do that but he’s not going about this the right way. It ended with him saying “Fine, I’ll just get Tom to help me”."
545,"AITA for being mad at my brother's gf I'll make this as tl:dr as possible *brother meets girl, ends up dating her *Mom over hears him telling her about how I traded pics with a girl, I get literally the biggest shitstorm of my life for it. He had told all our mutual friends about it, which I didn't really make a fuss over but I was pretty pissed about it this time. **few weeks later** *since I like joking around with people to bond, I joke around with her on twitter, poking fun. She proceeds to send me a huge ass message telling me about how what I was doing was wrong, how it leads to negative thoughts, etc. She was roasting me back, so I assumed it was two ways, I assumed wrong. \*My Mom finds out since all three of them were in the car when it happened. She ends up telling me how my brother's gf has a really rough homelife (absent mom, alcoholic and abusive dad) *I decide to send her a message because I felt bad. Send her a really long, heartfelt and motivational message. She thanks me and says it meant a lot/helped her. We're on good terms, talk a bit about what to get my brother for christmas. \*my mom's birthday came, **I** scheduled a massage for our mom (meant a lot to me because it's the first time I've planned a big present for her all by myself). She was getting surgery on her birthday, so I told my brother we'd surprise her by telling her about the massage when she wasn't high on painkillers (so she could appreciate it). I come home from work, and she thanks me for the birthday present. *My brother and his gf surprised my mom with the massage I planned for her, and didn't even tell me* *I'm pretty pissed because he doesn't see the big deal about it *a girl follows me on Twitter, I follow her back. I realize our only mutual follower is my brother's gf. *she messages me a bunch of dirt stuff ""I'll give you a fun time"", ""I want you"" etc... *I ask my brother's gf about her. She says they used to be good friends until the girl smashed my brother's gf's ex. Just to clarify, boyfriend's gf = x. Gf's old friend = y. Y smashed x's old bf while they were together, their friendship ended. I ask if it's cool to talk to y, x says sure. Sends laughing emoji's, clearly didn't express any concern. *start talking to y. End up agreeing to trade dirty pictures. She ends up sending a screenshot to my brother's girlfriend. My brother texts me implying he knew what happened. *Y says she's sorry, she wanted revenge against x so she sent the pics to X. X sent them to my brother without even mentioning it to me. \*I dm x with stuff like ""thanks, thought we were cool"" . Responds like it's no big deal, more upset that my brother isn't responding"
546,"AITA for wanting my housemate to forgive me and move on? Last week my housemate (Jenny) and I went out - our other housemate (Clare) stayed home because she needed to be up at 6:30am the next morning. This is the first time Jenny and I have been out late at night all semester because we have so much work. We came home at 2am and although we tried to be quiet we were a little loud and unfortunately woke Clare up as we were going up the stairs (so approximately 1-2 minutes of disturbance total). She didn't say anything at the time, but sent a text the following day saying she was pissed off. Jenny and I felt really bad about it so we made her dinner when she got home, said we were very sorry and that if there was a next time we would try to be more respectful. I also said that if we were ever too loud she could text one of us and we would shut up. She was still pissed, so we cleaned the whole house and have kept apologising. However, Clare refuses to let it go. She rarely speaks to us and if she does she is very passive aggressive. I know I pissed her off, but I really feel like she's just flogging a dead horse now. Am I the asshole?"
547,"IMWTA for deleting her facebook? Sorry this is so long. This just happened. My wife occasionally gets sad/down, and when that happens, she deactivates her facebook. Always a temporary delete, she always comes back. She just reactivated it after about 8-10 days ""off."" We see that two of our very close friends (another husband and wife, let's say Susie and Kevin) are no longer her friend on there. They don't show up in ""mutual"" when I look at her friends - nothing. She **definitely** did not unfriend them, we know that for a fact. Today Kevin, who also works with me, implied that my wife had unfriended and blocked them both. Nope, I told him, she just had her shit turned off for about a week or so. Well, fact - she was not friends with either him or Susie. (No idea if facebook would unfriend only some people during a deactivation, and if so, *those exact two people?*). It seems beyond coincidental. We find it hard to come to any other conclusion except that they must have both defriended her during the deactivation. We presume that they both defriended her, but we can't prove this, and certainly wouldn't make the accusation. If they want to tell us that's what they did, fine. I don't really give a fuck about facebook, but I do very much give a fuck about people treating my wife fairly. Concurrent with all this, my wife sent Susie a text, and vice versa. Both show delivered on the other's phone, yet neither received the other's message. A double-drop, if you will. Between two iPhones. Kevin seems to be certain that my wife blocked them both, and that she was intentionally not responding to text messages. He thinks that Apple's ""Delivered"" notification is gospel. I replied that I knew for certain my wife didn't block them, and explained her account deactivation, and that I didn't know what was up with the texts, but I'm sure a hug-fest could sort it out. He replied that Susie had a lot of pride and ""wouldn't be the first one to the peace table."" I mean, wtf - isn't that *her* problem? Did I not explain myself/my wife's position? I feel like someone's facebook is their own and they can do what they want with it. He told me things like ""[my wife] should give a heads up if she's gonna do that [deactivate]."" and ""In the social media age, unfriending or blocking is like saying 'Fuck you' to someone's face."" Maybe so (personally I disagree, it's fucking facebook), but regardless wouldn't some civil discussion amongst (presumably) close friends clear it right up, instead of this passive-agressive shit? I feel Susie is being extremely childish in this regard and that Kevin is foolish for supporting her. So, Is My Wife The Asshole?"
548,"Am I the Asshole for not wanting to give away a gift my mom got me? My mom has a thing about making sure all gifts at least appear equal. She does a lot more for my sister all year long because my sister and her husband are not financially stable. I am concerned about my parents not retiring, but otherwise, I look at it as none of my business. My parents do a ton for my kids, which I am very grateful for and that as my kids are my world. Anyways, my mom made it a point to sit down with me and have me pick out some stuff I would like for Christmas. I picked out a few things, including these really pretty long scarfs. She asked if I thought my sister would like them, but both agreed they weren't her style. When they came in, my mom showed me because they were even nicer than we imagined. Yesterday, she calls and says she worries my gifts look like more than my sister's even though she is getting my sister a washing machine. She asks if she can give her one of my gifts. I say sure. Then she tells me she wants to give her one of my two scarfs. I am taken back by this. I was really excited for these, hand picked them and my sister will never wear them and I will. It hit a nerve. My sister was always the favorite growing up and my parents had no issue taking from me to give to her. My grandpa (who has since passed) used to hate it and would get me stuff that my sister stole from me if it was something I loved/needed (this happened a few times). It really hurt because it felt like she was taking from me to please my sister again. I wouldn't care if it were almost any other gift, but I am so excited about these damn scarfs. I did tell her it bothered me and she agreed not to do it. I feel like I was acting like a spoiled brat. I have so much and I am very fortunate. This just brough up a lot of issues for me. It really hurt. She knew I was excited for these to the point I was planning on wearing them as soon as I unwrapped them on Christmas morning as part of my outfit. I don't care if she gives my sister all my other gifts, I just wanted this one thing. It felt like she cares more about my sister because she worries about appearing fair. She is willing to appear fair even if that means being unfair to me. Does this make me a spoiled brat or would you guys be a but hurt too. Tl;rd: mom wanted to give gift she had me pick out for myself to my sister who wouldn't even like it."
549,"Am I the asshole for not wanting my SO to go to a strip club? My SOs friend is planning a strip club bday party this Saturday, the same night as my work Christmas party. I really didn't give a shit about him going out to party, but I just found out its hosted at a strip club. I have told my SO in the past that its not something I'm okay with and its a dealbreaker to me. I don't care if the bday guy is married and has kids, and I'm sorry if I offend any strippers reading this but Im totally not cool with that. To me, going to a club like that while in a relationship might as well be cheating if you're getting tits in your face and shit. Sooo basically, I'm looking like a huge piece of shit asshole right now and were fighting because of this."
550,"AITA for not wanting to get my friend a christmas present? i have a tight-knit group of friends that i've just started christmas shopping for. most of these people i have no trouble shopping for, i actually enjoy it very much! except for one friend in particular. we're very close, and in truth, i consider him to be one of my best friends. but whenever i do something for him, he never shows any appreciation for it at all. i've made / given things to him several times before, and each time i don't get so much as a ""thank you"". i'm wondering if it's really worth it to go out and spend money on someone who doesn't appreciate it, even if we're close. but at the same time, i don't want to exclude him and make him feel like i didn't think of him for the holidays."
551,"AITA for trying to get a quick recording in a studio while the group using it was taking a break? I'm taking a film/video production program in college, and my school also has an audio engineering program. We have a recording studio which is mainly used by the audio engineering students, but is also available to film/video students for recording things like narration, [dialogue replacement] sound effects, etc. The studio consists of two separate rooms― a control room where the engineer works and a live room where the talent performs. The rooms can be used together, with the engineer in the control room and the talent performing in the live room as in a real recording session. But the live room also contains it's own audio workstation for students working alone, or groups that don't want to use the control room for whatever reason. The studio is available on a first come, first served basis, unless you've made a reservation with the equipment operator. In other words, you can use the studio without a reservation if no one's in there already, but you have to give it up if someone with a reservation shows up. Because you can record using just one room or with both, the rooms can be booked together or individually. Recently I went in the control room to copy a project off the computer that I had worked on earlier. I noticed a group in the live room using the separate audio workstation. I needed to record a narration for one of my final assignments and assumed that the group must have a reservation, so I asked the equipment operator when their reservation ended. Surprisingly, he told me they didn't have a reservation. With no way of knowing when they'd be done, I decided to make the recording in one of the computer labs. Normally the lab used for audio work has a microphone stand lying around, but on this day it was missing and the equipment operator said the stands in the studio shouldn't be moved and he didn't know where I could get one. (Recording mics can't be handheld as they are extremely sensitive and the movement would generate noise in the recording.) When I passed by the studio I noticed the group had left to take a break, so I decided to try to do my recording real quick and try to finish it and leave before they came back. They returned just as I was about to start recording. I explained about the mic stand predicament and admitted I was hoping to have finished before they returned. I explained that I saved their project and hadn't moved any of their equipment and asked if it was OK for me to do it real quick. They told me they were pressed for time and might not be done for many more hours (not unusual for a final project). One of them seemed irritated, but another told me it was fine to move the mic stand as long as I brought it back, so I grabbed"
552,"AITA for quitting work after 4 shifts? I'll try to keep it short. So two weeks ago I got a gas station cashier gig. I put flex hours (can work most times) but they needed me in graveyard - I was cool with it. So like two shifts in I'm already noticing there's a completely lack of professional behavior on both sides of the ball (customer service and employee relationships). It all started on our first night - my coworker made a, albeit consequential, mistake. One of the ""senior staffers"" (old fucks who have been cashiering at this gas station for years) took it upon herself to rip this poor girl a new one. The second night ended with me discovering a coworker photographed a simple mistake I made and ""reported"" my shit via messaging group: a group I'm not even in, mind you. I decided to call my manager to speak to him about what I'd been seeing. He practically dodged me, forcing me to ask him things over the phone. Didn't go well. It all culminated to the end of my 4th shift. The shift relieving me and my partner cannot open because there aren't enough dollar bills in the tills. So, while customers are lining up to pay for coffee this relief shift is, quite literally, thrashing about shifting blame onto me (I had no idea what I even did), which eventually ended with my manager coming in and saying the same thing. I'd decided I wanted nothing to do with that store anymore, and quit after my shift. My manager got extremely defensive and said I was the first ""problem employee"" he's ever had: He said I shouldn't use baseless accusations (he wasn't yelling at me directly, just all of us in general!) to justify wanting to just quit. Yech So am I the asshole here? Is this just the culture of gas station retail, and I should have had the stones to just stick it all out? Let me know~ **edit:** Thank you all for the responses! I guess I'm in the clear, then. Here's to better, non gas-station things in the future! haha."
553,"AITA For calling my classmate a racist ? This whole situation is kind of difficult to prefice, so I'm just going to dictate the conversation my classmate and I had (as unbiasedly as possible). Classmate: Do you think ""Jane"" is hot ? Me: Yeah, she's cute. CM: Wow, really !? Me: Yeah, what about it ? CM: Black girls aren't attractive, so I'm going to have to disagree with you. Me: Well, everyone has their own tastes and preferences, so that's fine. CM: It's not just my opinion, I asked like 10 black guys and they agreed with me. Me: No, that's just their opinion. The opinions of some random people doesn't make something a fact. CM: Well, let's ask some more people, that'll be enough proof. Me: No, that's not how that fucking works. (I show him the definition of the word, ""fact"") CM: They're all ugly, man! Just accept it. Me: You haven't met every fucking black girl in the world! And now you're assuming they're all ugly because they're black. You fucking racist. CM: I'm just telling it how it is, that's not racist. It's not just my opinion, it's just plain true. They're all ugly And so on and so on, until the period ended. I'm sorry if that was difficult to follow and like I said I really tried to be impartial in writing down what we said."
554,"AITA for asking my dad what the hold up is on my money? My dad told me on my birthday he was going to send me money. My birthday was in September. He called me Monday night and said ""Hey lex, I'm going to be giving you the money on Friday."" Friday rolls around. ""I'll do it tomorrow at 12."" My dad lives in Philly and I live in California. It's 10:39 right now so in Philly it's 1:39. I really need to give my mom $20 so she can finish off her bills and I also need to get gifts for everyone but the only day my mom will take me to the store is today. (I'm 17, what you gonna do ¯\_(ツ)_/¯) I texted my dad saying ""Hey, I don't mean to rush you but are you still going to send the money?"" Was that rude? Am I being an asshole for asking him for my money? It's only $150 but when you don't have a job and it's a miracle when your mom hands you $10, you get pretty ecstatic over it."
555,"AITA for taking offense to what my teacher said Ok so long story short is i'm 16 and i spend lunches at school with my brother and his friend and my teacher told my brother's friend ""thank you for being allthatmace's friend"" i took offense to that because i do have my own friends and it makes it seem like im mentally handicapped and he is doing me a favor in talking to me"
556,"AITA for thinking I shouldn't have to pay ""my"" split for the wifi? So me and my 4 roommates live in a small house. 4 of us pay 700 for rent, 1 pays 650 for the smallest room. All utilities are covered except internet. When we first started living here, we agreed we'd split wifi. Yes, I agreed to this too (informally, no written agreement or anything.) So basically, my number 1 reason for feeling like I shouldn't have to pay is because I basically don't live in the house. I'm literally always at my boyfriend's apartment - I haven't used the internet once. My room is basically a place where I put stuff, on a very rare occasion I sleep there, and about twice a week I'll shower there. I only use my boyfriend's wifi. Smaller reasons: I have the smallest room in the house - it is significantly smaller than everyone else's. Going into this, I thought the price was 650 for each room (that's what I was told by a roommate.) The day I signed it was 700. I felt pressured to sign it, and I'd already picked my room. I thought the largest room was 675, mine and other two at 650, and the smallest at 625. So basically I feel totally gipped. In fact the reason I'm always at my boyfriend's is because the whole thing makes me feel really resentful of the house itself. Yes, I know it's my fault, but it was my first time signing a lease. Now I know better. I'm tight on money. I am really struggling to pay these bills. I just don't think I should have to pay for something I don't even use. But yeah, I know I agreed to pay and technically two of my roommates are my friends. I know it would be dick to cop out of it, but I really do think it's unfair. Opinions?"
557,"AITA for getting mad at my girlfriend because she laughed off a guy grabbing her ass? For anonymity let's name her Wendy. Wendy is very, very petite. Except for her butt. Imagine Kim Kardashian's bottom half put on Amanda Seyfried's top. I don't tell her what to wear or try to control her. She is the kindest person I've ever met, an angel who has never gotten mad. But this time she was too nice. If we walk around town, I have to already suffer through groups of guys eyeing her like a piece of meat. It hurts me, but there's nothing I can do. After dinner last night, we walked past a bar with a drunk man sitting by the entrance. As we walked past him, I hear him yell ""holy shit"" and jog up to her, almost falling, just to grope Wendy's bottom. She was shocked and quickly jumped away; but instead of yelling at him, she laughed it off and just told him she's taken in a flirty tone whilst pointing at me. Not angry. Flirty. I was fucking FUMING. Before I could think to say something she urged me to keep moving. Back at home, I screamed at Wendy demanding to know why didn't she get angry, she just kept saying ""boys will be boys!"" like its some fucking joke. She even said ""it's a compliment to me."" While ranting about the drunk fuckhead, she told me to let it go and ""stop making mean comments! he had his moment of fun."" Am I a dick for getting angry at my girlfriend's lack of anger for what happened? I mean, how many times does she blow this off when I'm NOT around? I'm actually scared to ask her. How can I tell her the seriousness of this subject? Because to me she is taking it WAY too lightly. If she actually likes having this happen, what is considered going too far? EDIT: I was wrong. I'm going to apologize and let her know that if she doesn't mind being touched by others it is not something I should get mad or have any say in. I've been a horrible boyfriend."
558,"AITA - Guy Grabs My Girlfriend Arse So my girlfriend tells me ""Stephen"" has grabbed her arse, naturally I got annoyed and I'm like WTF how did this happen? she's says it was as accident, she was stood next to his girlfriend and He grabbed My girlfriends arse and said he was want to grab His girlfriends arse and grabbed the wrong one, so I get angry and tell her I'm annoyed and say it totally was not an accident, I say this because they are always in the same class and have known each other for years and the fact Stephen doesn't know what his girlfriend looks like. my girlfriend and his girlfriend have different hair and was wearing different clothes but both jeans my girlfriends was gray and his girlfriends was black now my girlfriend is being off with me because I got mad and said she wishes she didn't tell me. Am I the asshole?"
559,"AITA for thinking it's ok to tie a lab up for an hour? I got into it in a sub the other day over my buddy who left his dog outside of a community center for an hour. Given the following facts, I think it was completely safe and doesn't make him a bad owner. The other users in the sub disagreed and called him a shitty owner based on the following facts. * The dog was tied up for an hour * The dog had access to clean water * The dog is 70 pound lab * It was 50 degrees and pouring rain but the dog was under cover I think dogs, especially that bread have no problem being outside for that period of time and I certainly don't think 50 degrees is that cold. Hell, people take their labs on hunting trip for entire weekends in worse conditions. Am I the a-hole?"
560,"Am I the asshole for asking my roommate to crate their dog? My roommate's dog eats my potted plants in the living room regularly when no one is home. Today I came home to a pot knocked over, the room covered in soil, and the plants in pieces. He does not clean up after his dog when this happens. I asked him to either crate his dog during the day or leave his dog in his room with the door closed. He became very defensive and said I needed to move the plants. I've already moved them three times and built a piece of furniture to keep them 4 feet or so off the ground. He refuses to crate or otherwise keep his dog somewhere else during the day. He claims that doing so would be cruel to his dog, and that there's no way of knowing if it is his dog or our dog, who has lived here with the plants for years without incident before he moved in. Am I an asshole for asking him to crate his dog?"
561,"AITA for insulting and ""bullying"" a guy who was a serious asshole He'd always come up to me and my friends, interrupt our conversation, and say some shit about how we're all queer fags who's balls haven't dropped yet. And he also makes other sorts of jokes like fat jokes and such. I end up making a joke about him having a fake girlfriend and he flips out. I was so tired of his bullshit. He'd been like this ever since bandcamp in the beginning of summer. I felt like I took it to far after he threatened to hit me and ran out the door crying."
562,"AITA for wanting my housemate to take (much) better care of her cats? Me and housemate 'Anna' moved in together 1.5 years ago. At the time we talked about expectations a lot. I made it very clear that I do like cats (she has two) but that I want 0! responsibility for them and asked how well she takes care of them. Anna agreed to the first thing and said she takes really excellent care of her cats. Since then this stuff has happened: Cats have escaped on to the street a few times in beginning (dangerous) or up our big stairwell, had to lure/chase them back in many times. Cats peed on a neighbours' welcome mat, Anna bought them a new one but took her a while. Turns out the cats are a bit damaged since their first owner sucked. Not Anna's or cats' fault! But: We had all had quite a lot of nights where we slept like shit because the cats can be very loud and needy right outside my door. In the courtyard they also make quite some penetrating noise. Some of our neighbors love our cats but I am sure some are annoyed as hell by them or at least the noise and crap. We live in a large block with inner courtyard and many young people. At least one young couple with baby dislikes her (us?) now when they did say Hi and acted nice in the beginning. This is according to Anna. This couple happens to get the majority of the cat crap in front of their ground floor apartment since there is some earth there.. I have tried to put cats and cat litter box in closed kitchen only for the night, and when we do, 9 out of 10 times cats are chill and quiet and we sleep just fine. Anna has done this sometimes too but is a bit inconsistent, despite me asking if we could always do it since i need my sleep. She likes the cats to be able to walk in and out of her room and bed at night. But her open door is right! next to my closed one and the cats can be really noisy, our doors are not good. I have had to take care some of the cats now and then. Not a lot but more than I initially agreed. Anna likes to go out, sometimes she will stay out all night or come home very late and then the cats are very vocal, want their food. Have to wait on it 2 to 10 hours compared to their normal feeding time. So have fed them sometimes and cleaned catbox a few times. If this was the only issue i honestly would not mind, i would be flexible. Anna does me favours too sometimes. Cats have crapped and peed dozens of time and sometimes puked in the courtyard (are allowed to go there). Most of that crap stayed there even though I talked about it with Anna. She picked up very little or none."
563,"AITA for breaking up with my girlfriend and then returning her Christmas present? I had been dating this girl since June and things had been going well up until about 3 weeks ago. Some stuff changed, maybe I changed, and I was ready to move on. So today I broke it off with her and she took it well, we both had a nice conversation and went our separate ways. And then directly after that I went to Wal-Mart to take back the vinyl I had ordered for her online as a Christmas gift. I had it in my car, waiting to be unwrapped when we met up this morning. But I had it in my head that if she didn't have anything for me, then I would return it to Wal-Mart and get my money back."
564,"AITA for telling my ex about a rumour I heard about her? My ex and I broke up about five months ago. It was mostly an amicable breakup, but we haven't really talked to each other since then. Last night I was at a party with a bunch of my friends, and a few of them approached me and told me that a guy who they work with was spreading a malicious rumour about my ex around the workplace (a university graduate program). I know from when we were dating that my ex doesn't really like that guy, so I figured that she would want to know that bad things are being spread about her to a bunch of people. So, I texted her a few minutes after I found out and let her know everything I was told. She texts me back today saying that I misheard, and that I should stop slandering her to my friends. Basically she called me an asshole for the whole situation, when all I did was relay information to her that I figured a person would want to know about themselves. Tl;dr - Told my ex about a malicious rumour about her, got called an asshole for doing so. Did I fuck up somehow? I thought that I was doing the respectable thing."
565,"AITA for calling out manipulative language? Made this account for this. Roomie is old lady, alkie, copd with a fucked up knee, who has a shit ton of shit we are all moving into a house with. She has two big strapping sons however, who live nearby. BIG boys. This weekend was what she said (on thursday I believe) would be her day to ""start packing."" When she talked about it on thursday, she said ""I"". She never asked me to help outright, otherwise I would've. I'm a giving person, but I don't like unexpected/unclear expectations. I've had a lot of stress lately personally, and I really didn't expect (should I have?) to help her out today. I do feel like an asshole for not planning it, but no specific demands were made. Not only that but were they made this morning in a clear manner, I would be more than welcome to. So here's the skinny on the ""fight"" that happened. So her COPD wakes me up at 7 am which is fine, I was happy to sleep in. I get up, get some caffeine, and join her on the patio where she drinks her first glass of wine and her first cig. Now get this, I'm a self-centered busy little fuck or whatever, I had no idea at that hour in the morning what day it was or what her plans were. I completely forgot. My head was full of thoughts about work and other stresses, my weird ass dreams last night, and who was going to walk the dogs today. So she first asks what my plans are. Thinking this is just small talk I say, something work related...and maybe something else. She then says ""we need boxes."" To which I reply completely non-defensively (I thought) ""well I don't need any, thanks."" To which she gets mad. She says ""well, we are moving together you know."" And I say ""of course but who ""we"" I really don't like ""we"", if you want help from me can you please ask me to help exactly how you want."" Now I'm self-diagnosed aspergers. I have a lot of the traits. I always tell people I miss cues and expectations a lot, its not from a lack of empathy. At this point in the conversation, again, I had no idea what day it was for her. As in I never made the connection she was expecting me to help, and certainly not how. Well get this then, she gets progressively more upset and demands I explain my needs to her more clearly. So I try, with my struggles with verbalization (one of my problems - I have no problem typing but words are hard especially under duress) that I dislike assumptions and absolutes, and that she doesn't have to force me to help her, and that it causes me anxiety when things are not clear. Once I get this off my chest (and I thought she was just asking, not fighting with me, but then I realized the entire time I'm talking to"
566,"AITA for threatening to get my girlfriend joke gifts (jokingly) if she doesn't tell me what she wants for Christmas? I come from a family where everyone would write down lists of what they wanted for Christmas. My fondest Christmas memories have been getting things on the top of my list, even if they weren't at all expensive. On the other hand, gifts from aunts and uncles tended to be more expensive but less heartwarming, like a controller that I haven't used once in years, and duplicates of things I already have like MP3 players. I felt grateful that they spent so much money, but sad that I couldn't really enjoy it as much as they wanted to. I'm completely opposed to the idea that you're supposed to telepathically know what your SO wants for Christmas (or anyone, for that matter). It's especially hard since my girlfriend and I don't share very many hobbies: she's not a gamer, she already has all the music and movies that she wants (and her tastes are different than mine), she doesn't read for pleasure often, and she's already seen Star Wars. She's under the impression that it's supposed to be a surprise, and it's fine if I don't want it to be for me, but she wants it to be for her. I told her that I really, honestly didn't know what to get her, and jokingly said ""I might end up getting something you don't want, like a vacuum or a sexy maid outfit"". (She's totally into that kind of humor, she plays Cards Against Humanity and is fine with Holocaust jokes) She got sort of passive-aggressive mad, like she's not visibly upset but she was slightly colder to me for the rest of the day. In the end I'm probably going to get her chocolate or a fancy date or something safe like that. I wouldn't actually follow through with it, and it was an obvious joke. But I haven't apologized, and I don't think I'm in the wrong for not wanting to gamble my money on something she may end up disliking. AITA?"
567,"AITA for refusing to watch a movie with my partner that I know he loves? TL;DR my partner is upset with me because I won't watch the newest star wars movie with him. I don't want to watch it because it's almost certainly going to be a trigger for me because my brother was violently abusive, physically and emotionally, and the newest movie will bring all of this back up for me (explained in the description) when I've been trying so hard to move on. I've told him several times to take one of his friends so that they both have a good time but he thinks I should just come because it's only for a ""couple of hours every two years"". Should I suck it up and go or refuse? First: There's a reason why I'm not posting this in /r/relationships. They're paranoid and jump to conclusions and they demand everybody break up over the smallest thing. So please, no comments about my relationship because my partner has always been 110% respectful and loving. I'd just like an opinion about this one thing. My partner loves Star Wars passionately. For weeks he has been asking me to watch the new movie with him and literally every single time he has asked me, I have told him that I don't like Star Wars (I can definitely understand why others do but the terrible acting and retcon distract me from enjoying it) and that I want him to take one of his friends (who all love it) because they'll enjoy it more. He gets hurt and says he wants to share his excitement for it with me. Here's the thing. My (26) brother was very, very abusive towards me for the first nineteen years of my life (I'm now 23). He regularly beat me, pulled knives on me (my childhood bedroom door had stab holes in it because he came at me with a cleaver and I only just got it shut and locked in time), spread rumors about me at school so I wouldn't have friends, screamed at me, encouraged me to self harm and commit suicide, and destroyed my prized possesions. All of this while crying loudly. For nineteen years, this happened literally about three times a week. I am not exaggerating any of this. He did the same to my mother and even blamed her cancer death on me (go figure). He is crazy and delusional and I have cut him out of my life. He is not mentally disabled, but I assume he has an undiagnosed mental illness. I'm still fucked up from this. I'm doing my best to move on but some things scare the shit out of me (I'm very resistant to using the word ""trigger"" because of how Reddit gets angry at anyone who says it but that's pretty much what it is) like if someone gets angry and screams suddenly, if I see a child throwing a tantrum, and if I'm forced to be around things that my brother destroyed. Star Wars comes into this"
568,"AITA for not wanting to buy people gifts? First off, I'm an introverted person and I don't have that many close friends. I have a few close friends from highschool and my roommates. I'm currently a college student so I don't have a ton of money. I'm okay with giving gifts to some of my closest friends, but it seems like everyone is coming out of nowhere to give me gifts, which in my eyes has the obvious implication that I need to get them one. My family isn't huge on christmas. The kids get to ask for something they couldn't usually afford but nothing crazy. But my family has money. I don't know if people give me gifts because this is common? What do you do if you're not a person who likes giving people gifts? I would rather not get gifts or give gifts with a few close exceptions."
569,"AITA for thinking you should tell someone you're transgender before going on a date? My friend, lets call him Kebin says that a trans-person doesn't have to tell ANYONE they are Trans, not even possible romantic partners. Am I the asshole for saying thats horseshit? to me thats like not telling someone you have a kid, or that you've been divorced."
570,"AITA for flashing my lights at someone who weaved through lanes, failed to cut me off from the right hand lane, all while approaching a 25mph turn? A car had been trying to pass me in the right hand land for a minute leading up to all this, but I did not change lanes because most of the right lanes were truck traffic or slower-moving vehicles. I tend to drive in the left hand lane at a speed that keeps me two-car lengths from the car ahead of me. I was approaching a sharp 25MPH ramp going 63mph in a 50mph zone in NYC. I didn't think 70mph was appropriate while approaching a blind 25mph turn and a complete stop. So I stayed in the left-hand lane, continuing to block a car that had been tailing me. After this turn, cars come to a complete stop at a toll gate, so I started braking going to the turn. The car that had been tailing me dodged in between a slower-moving vehicle and tried to cut me off, but failed to, again. I think this was dangerous, so I flashed my lights at them once they passed me after the turn and approaching the toll. I flashed them about 5 times. After the toll gate, I flashed them again, as a final fuck you. This is when the other car started to brake-check me (which is funny, because I wasn't in a rush anyway) and then tailgated me for a mile. When I left my lane, they followed, and they switched between tailgating me and brake-checking me. I flashed my lights at him during most of this, quite a lot. AITA here? Or is this just low-level road rage turned real road rage? [The turn near Hell Gate Bridge that he had been so anxious to pass me at. Note the solid white line.]"
571,"AITA for not wanting an 18th My 18th birthday is coming up and I don't want to do anything. I hate being center stage and would rather skip my birthday if I could. Am I an asshole for asking my mother to cancel the party/dinner, she had planned (with all the family invited)? I had told her months beforehand that I didn't want to do anything and would rather have a quiet night in."
572,"Okay so this girl just fucking blew up on me when I told her I was uninterested in a relationship because I ""lead her on"". I already told her we should just be friends. what the fuck? Okay so I started texting this girl I used to know. I tell her I like her She tells me she lives really really far away. I say AND I QUOTE ""I'm fine with just being friends you know?"" I tell her this again when she calls me. She continues to talk to me about whatever for a day or so. Finally she says ""Where do you see this going"" and I say ""uh no where because we live really far away and this can't work"" She tells me to fuck off and that I'm a horrible person. Now I feel terrible if she genuinely thought we had something but it's like WHAT DID YOU EXPECT WE LIVE SO FAR AWAY!? I probably shouldn't have flirted with her but I didn't really think I was you know? I feel horrible but I want the honest truth did I fuck up?"
573,"AITA for thinking it should okay to make jokes containing 'nigger?' A friend, lets call him Todd, and I got in a heated argument earlier today over, first, whether a mutual friend was racist or not, and then afterwards whether it's okay to make jokes about the word nigger. Todds argument: -Our friend is racist because he has sided with white people on 4 controversial topics, IE Michael Brown shooting. -It is never okay to make jokes involving 'nigger' due to its historical connotation. My argument: -Todd may not remember times in which he supported black people on an issue because it never would have made us upset enough to remember it, or confirmation bias. Additionally, I think it's a long call to make about someone on such an accusation, and that our friend may just be trying to be edgy and pick the unpopular side. -I think that bringing light to the issue of racism through jokes is a good way to acknowledge racism, and that joking about 'nigger' in particular takes the hate out of the word and makes it have less ""stink."" I feel as though he wasn't paying attention to my arguments, although it's very possible I was doing the same with him. Maybe this is more of a CMV kind of post. Am I the asshole for justifying jokes using 'nigger?'"
574,"AITA for telling my mom to shut up? [semi-Star Wars Spoilers, you've been warned] This morning my family and I went to see Star Wars. I've previously seen it on my own, and my family invited me to view it with them. They asked me everything I knew about the movie and I, knowing they aren't hardcore fans or moviegoers, told them. With this information, we took our seats. Far too often my mom asked me, ""Is *that* his son?"" ""No, mom. Please be quiet."" She wasn't asking in the quietest voice, and it is a smaller viewing room, so people are close together. I don't know what else she might say, and you never know who might be listening. Spoiling Star Wars is a worse crime than murder to some. The scene where Rey and Kylo Ren meet for the first time, my mom asks, ""Are they brother and sister?"" ""No, mom. Shh."" ""Tell me!"" At this point, I just put my finger over my lips and watch the movie. Now **that** scene comes on, and they walk on the catwalk my mom says,""Is this where he dies?"" in a voice loud enough to be heard by those around. ""Shut up mom, I can't tell you."" She's quiet the rest of the movie. Come to when we are in the car, ""Sorry, GreatMemes, I forgot I was seeing a movie with *you*."" :("
575,"Had a fight with cousin, am i the ass? So my cousin called my nephew stupid today, and i lost it on her. Saying that you have no right to call a 6 yr. old child stupid for not thinking through a situation clearly. I brought up the fact that she is an authoritarian bitch that tries to control everything (tries to control every little thing, uses shock collar on her dog cause she is a shitty trainer) and then she try and turn it around saying of all the things she does for them (buying presents and etc). Which my response was buying kids things does not give you the right to call them stupid. Am I the asshole?"
576,"AITA for being irritated that my relatives won't let me show them around when they visit my hometown? I live in a city that's famous for tourism. About a year ago, my cousin, her husband, and their young son visited for the first time. They asked me for suggestions, and I gave them a list. When they arrived, they didn't want to go to any of those places. I ended up driving them to where they told me to go. What annoyed me is through later conversation, it was revealed they hadn't even researched my suggestions before rejecting them. They didn't know what the places were. It's not like they had very particular tastes either. They often complain they can't do anything with a kid, ignoring the kid-friendly activities I've suggested, and spend most of their time wandering around shopping districts, while the poor kid is clearly bored out of his skull. And they won't even take my suggestions on shopping areas. I had hoped it would be different this year, but it was exactly the same. I go to pick them up (in a really heavy traffic tourist district), and drive them where they want to go. They haven't even asked to see my apartment, which admittedly suits me since it's not really set up for guests. I don't even really know why this bothers me so much, but it does. Don't get me wrong. They're nice people, they include me in activities, and always pay for meals. But I feel like as a local to the city they're visiting, they should give my advice at least a little weight. I've tried to hint at this, but would I be an asshole if I raised this complaint with them clearly?"
577,"AITA for asking quiet questions in a movie theater? (Please read before assuming) I have weird hearing problems in that sometimes even when something is said in a movie, I can't understand the words even if I can hear their voice just fine. Also, I sometimes have trouble understanding plot points or social contexts of what people are saying in movies. So when I have a question, I usually wait for a lull in the scene and I ask it as quietly as I can, usually to my boyfriend next to me. Nobody's ever shushed me or anything but I can't be too sure. I just want to make sure I'm not actually ruining the movie for others."
578,"AITA For not wanting a brother? Just a little backstory, I'm 15 and had a brother since I was 4, and he's been mean to me pretty much all his life. People always say to me ""Oh, he's your brother, you're gonna appreciate him in the future."" But it's not like that, when he was younger my dad was over seas, and after that my parents got divorced. We've mostly been with our mom ever since, we go to our dads about 1 day a week. And he's learned my mom's flaws in parents (ex: doing something to her if she won't get him something.) And when he's with my mom he's always mean to her. But when he's with my dad he's always well behaved. Enough with the relationships with my parents, let's talk about our relationships. I've always tried to be nice to him, like giving advice for school or playing a game with him. But he's always mean to me, I always have to live in fear that he will break all my things, yet I won't break any of his things. Even when he gets in fights with my mom he always takes one of my things, or maybe break it. I don't want to hurt him, but somethings I have too (The only times I've hurt him if he's hurting my mom.) He's always disrespectful to people my mom is dating, or friends with. Sometimes he's even the reason the person dumped her. I could go on for awhile about what he's done to me and other people, but I can't think of a time that he's been nice to me. Well I just wanted to figure out if I'm the asshole for not wanting him, in some cases wanting him dead."
579,"AITA for inviting a friend to a party who spray pained the hosts house (graffiti) Happy new year, reddit. My new year has not been very happy.. To start off, I am 18 years old and live in Australia. Tonight, I went out with 4 friends of mine. 3 of which I have known for years - one of which I have known for months, only meeting him about 3 times, but have come to become good friends with him. Let's call him Bill. Anyways, Bill does ""graffiti"". By this, I mean he writes the word ,""Anarchy"" or someshit in some stupid messy handwriting. There is nothing artistic about it. Anyways, to cut a long story short, I was invited to a New Years Eve party where I only knew 4 people out of about 70. 2 of these 4 people, I hadn't seen in years, and only knew them through primary school. My other 4 friends, including Bill, knew nobody. I knew that Bill had spray paint and markers on him, and to be honest, I couldn't care less if he graffitied some random public property. Bill asked me at some point throughout the night if he should tag the house. I told him no. That was a stupid idea. He agreed. Hours later, I had left the party and was on the other side of the road of the house at a park with a girl I had met. We heard very loud, angry shouting, and the host kept calling the girl I was with, asking where she was and that she had to talk to her urgently. I thought nothing of it, as it was already 1am, and new years was over. I thought it was a fight between a few blokes and the rest of the party came out to watch them punchon, as we could see that the entire party had emptied onto the street. Me and the girl hurried back, and as I walked back to the party, I could hear people talking about graffiti and tagging and how someone had tagged a bunch of cars.. Turns out my mate, Bill, had stupidly decided to SPRAY PAINT his stupid tag on the inside of the house and tag a bunch of cars, including the owner of the house and their uncle's car, outside with his whiteboard marker (luckily this was able to be removed easily). I walk back inside the house to get my bag, and as I try to leave, the bouncers, parents and brother and sister (hosts) of the party confront me. The bouncers intimidate me, saying they know that I know who did it. They say they want his name and to don't fuck around because if i lie, they will call the police and find out the truth the hard way. At this point, i am shaking because I had no idea how serious this was, but was starting to realise. The entire party had been kicked out and forced to go home. I reluctantly (I didn't want to see Bill get"
580,"AITA for asking a young teen couple if they were newlyweds so they would stop making out as we were boarding a crowded plane? I was boarding a plane earlier today and a couple who looked to me like they were both maybe 14 (but could have been older, though I wouldn't have suspected that they were older if they weren't traveling alone together and behaving the way they were) were in line ahead of me. How did I know they were a couple? Because they kept touching each other and couldn't go more than a minute without kissing. I'm by no means a prude but it was not the kind of behavior that I think is ok in public. It would be different if it were in a park or something where there was a little bit of space and it was just them doing their own thing but we were all crowded into the metal tunnel thing that you walk down to board and these weren't chaste little pecks or cute kisses on the cheek. I was curious as to what had them acting that way because it was way more than just a couple whose normal level of affection was higher than is standard and I also wanted them to stop but I didn't feel like saying ""Chill the fuck out and explain to me why you can't keep your lips off each other"" would be an effective or civil option so instead I said ""Are you two newlyweds?"" and they giggled and blushed and said no and seemed to find some modicum of self-awareness because they switched to just giggling with each other and only kissed about 3 more times before we got to the airplane. I'm not against couples being happy or kissing in public, I just think that a little bit more dignity is appropriate in that situation and they were making a lot of people, including me, uncomfortable."
581,"AITA for telling my friend to back the f*** off? Sorry. Long. I'm pregnant, my due date was two days ago. Family and friends are, understandably, constantly asking for updates, wanting to know if the baby has arrived yet. I'm happy to oblige with info - seeing and feeling the support network around us is comforting. But I'm also a little skittish. I grew up in an abusive family, with an extremely intrusive mother (Borderline Personality Disorder), so I'm particular about invasions of my personal space and privacy. I was raised with a skewed perspective of what is ""normal"" - how much access I owe to whom - so I'm still learning where and how to place and reinforce boundaries. Which is where you good people come in. A good friend of mine, who is aware of my upbringing, pushed me a bit too far the other day. Bit more background. We moved last week. We helped to renovate the new place and are fixing up the old. My doc has been expecting me to go into labor for the past three weeks, I've been having intermittent contractions every day, we've been on continuous baby alert, which is nerve-wracking and physically taxing. I haven't been able to walk or stand for more than a few minutes for the past three months because I have SPD (pregnancy-related loosening of the pelvic bones, fairly painful stuff). The holidays were underway. We have a big dog that needs daily exercise. My SO has really stepped up, he's worked his ass off to make all of this happen before baby comes - basically alone, since I've been sidelined by the pregnancy - while working a full time job. We're in good spirits, but a LOT has been going on. My friend is a freelancer and just finished a big project. There's now a lull in her work schedule. Her boyfriend's family is visiting for the holidays from overseas. She's a bit bored and also looking to escape her in-laws every once in a while. So. Day one of our (two-day) move, she texts me to complain about how everything is ""too much"" and how she just broke down crying because she's under so much pressure, having to work right up until her in-laws arrive. I don't answer, because I'm lying in bed, trying to breathe through contractions and postpone labor, all while my SO and two friends are taking down and reassembling our kitchen in the new place. The next day (our big moving day), she texts me again to ask how things are going. I am cooking lunch for a dozen people who showed up to help us out, so again I don't answer. She texts a third time, now in a panic, assuming I might me in labor. We're currently carrying all of our junk into the new place, so I don't see the text. She calls me, I don't see the call. She then calls my SO, who doesn't see the call. I finally discover that she's been trying to reach me and"
582,"AITA for wanting my best friend to hang out with me? My best friend Kelly and I met in 6th grade and have been firm friends ever since. She's like the sister I never had. Since going to college, we have made a real effort to stay in contact regularly and meet up whenever we can during vacations. About a year ago she started seeing this guy, who I met and got on really well with. She has struggled with her mental health in the past, but he is really good for her - solid marriage material, even. He's great. The only thing is, Kelly keeps ditching me to hang out with her boyfriend - who she sees 3-4 days a week, every week. She cancelled at the last minute for my 21st birthday (which I had planned months in advance to make sure people could save the date) to go for dinner with her boyfriend. She cancelled a Christmas meet up with a friend who came home especially to see us, since moving 500 miles away (said friend is now extremely pissed off). Despite living 10 minutes from my house, she has only managed to squeeze 1 hour in to see me during 4 weeks of vacation - because she has plans with her boyfriend. It's really beginning to get to me. I have supported my best friend through her father's sudden and traumatic death, through a long stint at a psychiatric hospital, and through her coming out as bisexual. I don't think she owes me anything for that, because that's what friends are for - but I feel like she's ditching me for her boyfriend and throwing away 10 years of strong friendship. Am I being over-sensitive about it?"
583,"AITA for disliking receiving gifts? I've never liked the act of giving or receiving gifts. I find it to be extremely awkward. I spend a lot of time analyzing purchases that I plan on making to ensure I get exactly what I want. My family all know this. Luckily, most of them are cool with it. Every once in a while though, one of them will get me a gift. Case in point. My mom was visiting recently. My birthday had come and gone without a peep from her, which is how I like it. While she's here, she's talking about how her laptop won't hold a charge anymore. She asks if mine does, asks all about it, asks if the newer model, the v3, is better than my v2. I was genuinely getting excited that she was showing interest in a major purchase for herself. She never spends money on herself, so I talked up the laptop thinking she was going to get it. Come to find out, she was on a fishing expedition. She was trying to see if I would like the v3. She ordered the v3 and had it shipped to me. She asked that I send her my v2. The problem is, I don't want the v3. Somethings were changed between versions and I specifically bought the v2 because of this. Had she asked if I would buy the v3 for myself, I would have said no. Now I have two options. Tell her I don't want the v3, because it is missing some functionality that I basically require for work, or take the v3 and have to deal with the missing tech via a USB device."
584,"AITA Severed bond w/friend of twelve years Growing up I had a friend, let’s call him “Jack”, and we were pretty close. Throughout the years we naturally drifted away as we became part of different friend groups. Going into High School our friends were split up because we took different classes based on our educational goals. My friend “Jack” and I had a couple classes together as well as with some of our mutual friends. I saw him every day so naturally we started to talk casually. Throughout the years he introduced me to two of his friends, let’s call them “Will and Paul”. Will, Paul, Jack, and I became pretty close friends often taking art classes together and sitting together at lunch. As high school came to an end Jack become more aggressively romantic. He would become extremely jealous if I sat next to my other guy-friends and even became aggravated at the thought of me hanging out with my boyfriend. He never directly spoke to me about his feelings, but I heard about it through mutual friends. Unfortunately I eventually broke up with my boyfriend and Jack took this opportunity to ask me to prom. I of course said yes but I specified that it would be as just friends. He agreed and promised to not make any moves on me. As a final hoorah, my friends Will, Paul, and “Cole” decided to arrange a trip to a cabin Cole’s family owned and it would be a weeklong trip with myself, Paul, Jack, Will, and Cole and his girlfriend in a cabin located eight hours out-of-state. As prom came closer Jack began to talk about possibly telling me about his feelings for me publically at prom. Some friends decided to give me a heads up, as I am a very shy individual when it comes to that shit. The awkwardness that came from knowing about his feelings made me change the way I acted around him. I was not aware that his feelings for me were romantic and it became hard to act normal around him. We eventually decided to cancel the cabin trip, which angered Jack. I decided to still go to prom with him as I had already accepted, but I was not going to be alone with him if at all possible. Jack found out that I knew about his feelings for me and became enraged at Paul and Will for not letting him know that I knew. Two months went by where the awkwardness between Jack and I was so intense that we couldn’t even talk to each other alone. High school ended and we all graduated and went our separate ways for six months. I got a Facebook message from Paul telling me that they were all hanging out at Will’s house and wanted me to come along. I knew talking to Jack after not seeing for six months would be awkward but I missed my friends. We began to hang out regularly but it became obvious that Jack was not over being rejected. Paul,"
585,"AITA for preventing someone from walking at graduation? This may be a long one, so stick with me. I'm a Senior in college, set on graduating this coming spring. This incident took place in the fall semester (which just ended). One of the final courses I had to take for my minor was Argumentation and Debate—a topic which I both enjoy studying and practicing. The final was a tournament-style debate which awarded the victor and runner-up a grade of a 100%, with lower grades given to people who were knocked out quicker. Needles to say, there was an incentive to be the best. One of the choices that needed to be made prior to the final was whether or not to disclose your topic to your competition, the benefit being that your opponent could study your topic and come up with some apt retorts. Now, the majority of my classmates chose one topic to study for the length of the class, as that's easier than having to study a new topic ever time we held a mock debate. Knowing this, I used the same topic for every mock debate except the final, thinking it would give me an edge. I showed up for the exam period well prepared, having throughly researched the topics I thought my opponents were going to have. The woman who sits next me, Aastha, greeted me as I walked into the classroom. (Some quick background on Aastha: she was also a senior, had the same minor as me, and constantly spoke of how she had ""stopped caring"" about everything college related because she was close to graduation.) As I got situated, Aastha asked if I had received the email that she sent out to those who were debating that day. 'What email?' I inquired. Apparently she had sent an email out to make sure that everyone was going to debate topics they had been practicing the entire semester. Now, I have a VERY common name, John Smith, and there are a countless number of people who share a similar email to mine in my school's directory. I asked which email she sent it to, and—surprise, surprise—it was the wrong one. Happens all the time. I said it wasn't a big deal, I already knew most of the topics. She agreed, then followed up by saying she researched the topic I had been debating all semester and was ""ready for the battle."" Then I told her I changed my topic. This visibly upset her (which Does make me feel a bit shitty). She demanded to know the new topic so that she could start researching it ASAP. I told her that I wasn't going to disclose it. She responded by shouting, ""THIS ISN'T A COMPETITION,"" to which I replied, if you think that's true, then you wont have a problem with me keeping my topic to myself. At this point, I walked out of the room. I didn't feel like debating over the ethics of my choice, and I wasn't about to stand there and let her yell out"
586,"AITA for ruining my friend's suicide attempt? A really good friend of mine took a bunch of pills the other day. Too many. She didn't tell me until after we were at the party we were going to, and I was too drunk to help. I told someone that she was close to and was sober, and he took her home and made sure everything was okay. She kicked me out of her life for it. I knew she would, she said that if she was still alive this morning she would never talk to me again. She's one of my best friends and I just wish I could have helped more. I don't know what to do."
587,"AITA for ending the relationship the way I did? [Long] Hello. This has been on my mind for a long time ever since I did the deed so to speak. Over the summer I ended a relationship with my long term SO. I know for a fact that it wasnt a very good break up for her at all. Just wondering what the community thinks. I am so sorry this is so long. I don’t want to give a half story. Sorry! Background: She (19F) and I (19M) had known each other since beginning of high school. We dated on and off. 1st time was sophomore year and it ended badly. Went on dates every weekend, did typical BF+GF stuff [;)], but she didn’t want to advertise it at school. That’s fine whatever. After 6 months my friend said he saw her with another guy at lunch. I confronted her about it and she said she didn’t know her and I were in a relationship. Whatever. I moved on. Several months passed and we got together again. I made it ""official"" or whatever (dating is confusing) and we were fine. I get a text randomly out of the blue one day saying she wants to end it, but won't give me a reason. She had a 4th of July party the next night that I was still invited to, so I went. Saw her there with her new guy. Confronted her again and she said that he was her 1st love and wanted to see if he changed (Irony is a bitch), but didn’t want to cheat on me. Needless to say I was pissed and we never spoke for 2 years I think? Fast forward to junior year. I left half way through the year to become home schooled. Got an email from her randomly apologizing for everything she's done to me, and wanting to reconnect. My thought process was ""She's matured a lot, I’d be fine to give it another chance, but no plans on dating"". Well one thing lead to another and we ended up back in the saddle together. College: 2.5 years was our last stretch. We went to the same college and lived together after our 1st year at the dorms. We fought here and there while at the dorms, a lot of which was her not being able to communicate to me at all. She couldn't tell me if something was wrong, what her opinions were on certain things, or make decisions on absolutely anything. Every argument I defused the best I could. We never had weeks of no talking or stupid passive aggressive shit, just arguments that resulted in her crying a lot for fear she would lose me. I did always communicate if there was something wrong between us. Mainly her inability to communicate, how she didn't seem to care about money, and she seemed to put herself first. I had to help her with everything regardless of what I was doing. I had to help her pack, get on her ass about getting"
588,"AItA/Racist: I tried to get a guy to clarify what he said, and he stormed out because he thought I was criticizing his grammar (which does suck)? The one black guy in my small office (Will) is inarticulate, and he knows it. He calls it ebonics. The rest of us are caucasians. He says things like ""I *brought* a dozen eggs at the store."" And it's obvious he means ""bought"", so anyone who tells him he should have said ""bought"" more than once is busting his balls because they want to be a grammar nazi. Most people do this to him, but I don't. But sometimes, he'll say something that is truly confusing, and I'll have to clarify. The long story is below, but **TL;DR: he failed to clearly communicate something, and when I tried to clarify it, he got offended and stormed out, then blamed me later for not understanding, so I think he's an oversensitive asshole. Does that make me the Asshole/Racist?** One day, my boss, Mike, decides to try to sell his house. Will knows a guy who runs a store down the street and wants to buy a house, so he suggests it, and brings the guy by to see it. The boss isn't around, so the guy from up the street asks for a floorplan and says he wants to come back another day to look at the house. Will calls the boss (who is now out of town), and the boss tells him to have the guy call his mobile phone, so they can discuss it. At this point, Will tells me ""Mike wants me to have the guy call him, so I'm walking over there to tell him. Can I have some floorplans to give him?"" I give him the plans and he goes. Will comes back and hands me the business card for the potential buyer's store and a phone number and e-mail address written on a separate scrap paper. He tells me the guy wasn't at his store so Will got the e-mail address from someone working there, and I need to e-mail the plans so he can see them today. Then he said, ""He told him to call him"". And I said ""Mike's already talked to him?"" ""No"", Will says. ""He's gotta call"". At this point, I have no idea what Will is trying to say, and Will seems annoyed that I already tried to clarify what he said once. So I say ""If Mike hasn't spoken to him, I don't understand what you mean by 'He told him to call him'."" Then, he says ""Nevermind, I'll do it myself."" grabs the paper he just gave me, and begins to storm out. (He doesn't have a scanner or the plan files, so he won't be able to do it himself.) I tell him not to be so dramatic, because I'm happy to send the e-mail. So he puts the paper with the e-mail address back down on my desk, and I ask what he means by ""He told him to call him."""
589,"AITA- For telling my sister I think she's wrong? Here's the situation, my sister we'll call her ""DJ"" is 21, and just had a baby boy. Cool and all; but she's not with the baby's dad now, and wants nothing to do with him. Whatever. She's with this guy now, I'll call him ""Ed"". ""Dj"" told me she's going to list ""ed"" as the dad on the baby's birth certificate. ""Ed"" has agreed and is all ecstatic. But I KNOW ""ed"" isn't really the dad. She also told me that she was never gonna tell the baby that. She was just gonna tell everyone that ""Ed"" is the baby's dad. Am I the asshole for telling her this is wrong? I don't care so much about the paperwork, but I think she needs to tell the kid when he's grown that ""ed"" isn't really his dad. EDIT: ""Dj"" did not meet ""Ed"" until she was 3 months pregnant, and she has told me in private who the biological dad is. (The fact that ""Ed"" wants to claim this child as his after only know DJ for 6 months is a totally different issue.)"
590,"AITA for wanting to have the last word? This is my first post here, so I apologize if it’s too long or doesn’t fit this sub well enough. During my first year at university, I was assigned a random roommate. Our personalities did not click, and we had a few minor squabbles over things like when the lights should be off. However, I felt that all of our problems were manageable and had not gone in expecting us to be friends, so I didn’t care that she had a completely different personality and interests. About a month in, she told me that she could not stand living with me anymore because I “had been mean since day one.” When asked, in mediation, for examples of my “meanness” she said that I only gave brief answers when she asked me questions, didn’t initiate conversations, and didn’t talk with her and her friends when we’d eat meals together. She also mentioned an instance in which her mom had said something to me and didn’t think I responded (I did – I am just very quiet and didn’t answer until a few seconds later than I should have). She hadn’t brought this to my attention previously. I am a very reticent person, have social anxiety, and am just generally awkward in social situations. I explained that I was shy and awkward before we moved in (we were given each other’s contact information by the school), although I did not mention that I had social anxiety. Admittedly, I could have been clearer about my difficulties reading social cues. However, after she told me she was frustrated with how I was interacting with her, I told her I had anxiety as well. Her immediate reaction was to tell me that I was making excuses, that “no one” wanted to be around me, and that everyone on our floor was talking about how “weird” I was. She then said that she felt like I was sabotaging her chance of making friends because she was afraid that people would think she was “like me” just because we lived together, and because I wasn’t comfortable with large groups of people in the room. I hadn’t disliked her until she said this. I had just confessed something deeply personal and instead of showing any sympathy or acknowledging that I did not have negative intentions, she used that information to hurt me. I soon switched rooms because she made me so uncomfortable, and made my own group of friends. Initially, I didn’t tell any of them what had happened between us because I knew how much it hurt when she brought up other people’s opinions of me. However, a semester later, I heard her talking shit about me with her friends (one of them lived in the room next to me -- the walls were very thin, and she used my name, which is unique). Because of this, I shared what had happened with my closest friend, as it had brought up a ton of old insecurities that I had been working"
591,"AITA for starting the shower by myself? [Long] My Dad is an absoulte stickler for doing things *his* way. If you had to describe him it would be ""my way or the highway"". It's not that I don't agree with him, since it *is* his house, it's just that methods could be different. For example, doing dishes was an absoulte disaster everytime I did them. You have to stack it in *just* the right way or my father will cause a shit storm. The result is the same: clean, non-broken dishes that are easy to remove from the dishwasher (and usually done in less loads too). He got pissed and called me all kind of obcenties. He refused to talk to me for 2 weeks, lol. (Note: I am currently 16F and my father is 48M). This is just one instance. For the most part I try my hardest to follow his insturdtions to the T. The current situation is that my shower handle completely came off and you have to turn the water on by using a pair of pliers (I realize that it's weird, but we haven't had time to contact a plumber). My Dad told me he will start the shower for me at 8:00 pm every single night. He changes the time how he sees fit, generally anywhere from 7:30 to 9:30. It has only once started at 8:00. I have shit to do during the day so I'm pretty much dead tired by the time 9:00 rolls around, since I have to wake up at 5:30. Im waiting for my Dad to start the shower, and by 9:20 rolls around I said ""fuck it"" and started the shower myself. Nothing broke. Everything is completly fine. Water wasn't too hot to waste hot water, nothing happened out of the ordinary. It was a 10 minute shower. I learned after the fact that he thought it was a good time to take a nap. My dad walks into my bedroom and here's the conversation: ""Alright ____, let's start the shower"" ""I already a showered, i just turned it on by myself"" ""....You fucking didn't"" ""...I did."" ""You fucking bitch, don't ask for anything from me ever again"". That's pretty much how it went. My family is **pissed** at me because now my Dad won't talk to anyone and is in a bad mood. I broke the rules but I think it was justified. I handled it responsibly, it's not like I broke the damn thing. I broke his rule and in his eyes I probably acted like a brat, I was a bit pissy when he was questioning me, so I probably did come off as having and additude. So, am I the asshole? Thank you for reading :) **TL;DR: Started the shower by myself, dad was pissed after he told me not too. Felt justified because he wasn't honoring the time.** EDIT: spelling/grammar"
592,"AITA for not telling my friends and family I'm suicidal? First up, if you're interested in my whole situation beyond the concise summary here, I'll link the [Gamers with Depression subreddit post] I did a couple days back. So due to a unfortunate chain of events including my mother dying of cancer, being choked unconscious by a bully in school, manipulative and detrimental relationships and a less than comfortable family life with my father and step family (again, keeping it short and to the point) I've ended up being diagnosed with severe depression and anxiety for the past 10 years, worsening when my depressive state caused cognitive impairment leading to me botching my A-Level exams (I guess for those of you who don't know what A-Levels are, they're essentially end of school qualifications that predominantly are used for university/college entry requirements). With my plans for the future up in smoke, one thing led to another and I'm stuck in a low pay dead end job 50 miles from my friends and hometown. I'm treated like crap at the job, tried to talk to a manager but it's been made clear nothing can be done. Backstory covered. I've been feeling so stressed and down about every aspect of my life that I've been increasingly pessimistic and recently suicidal. One particular bad shift at work accompanied by angry texts from my father and dismissive messages from my friends led me to break down in tears on the way home from work. I stood at the edge of a busy road, cars rushing past seriously contemplating taking that one step into oncoming traffic and just ending it. I had Samaritans (the UK suicide helpline) ready to dial, everything became too much and I ended up just crying by the roadside for half an hour. Since then I'd say I've stabilized, but suicidal thoughts are still prevalent. I've mentioned it to my doctor, and I'm taking anti-depressants to try and help. But still, I've constantly been thinking that I'm an asshole for not talking to my friends and family about this. As far as they know, I'm moderately depressed and simply hate my job. If they believe different, they sure don't treat me like there's anything to worry about. I feel I should let them know, and be honest with them but at the same time I really don't want to make them worry that I'm going to off myself at every opportunity. So, Am I the Asshole for not telling my friends and family I'm suicidal?"
593,"AITA for wanting my grandma's pets removed from my parents house I am a college student, I live with my parents for the breaks. I am here now for Winter Break. About a week and a half ago, my uncle died. He lived his entire life with my grandmother in a trailer. He was her caretaker. They had a lot of pets. 3 dogs, 12 cats, and a parrot. On the 7th, my mom woke me up to tell me my uncle might be dead. My mom, dad, and myself went to my grandma's trailer, and the medics confirmed it. The police were also there, and to make a long story short the house was deemed unfit for human residence. I.E it was a complete shithole, like one of those episodes of Hoarders. My dad, being a good son, offered my grandma to stay by us for the time being while she sorts everything out. These pets are all horrible. None of them were house broken and they keep shitting and pissing everywhere. My parent's house smells like urine. The dogs keep running around making noise, when one barks, all of them barks. They bark at the slightest sound. There are cats crawling everything, jumping on the tables and shedding on all the couches. The parrot won't shut up, it keeps meowing and barking and saying my uncle's name. It won't stop. I am the one who has to take care of these animals, even though I didn't agree to it. I have to change the litter boxes, walk the dogs, and feed them. Also, every time I try to clean the birdcage or feed the parrot, it tries to bite me."
594,"AITA - Am I the Asshole for not wanting my neighbours to use my unused driveway? I'm on the fence about this one. I'm not sure if I'm upset over nothing. I live in a rented semi-detached house. My new neighbours, who are renting out the other side of the semi-detached (different landlords), have a large Dodge Ram truck that doesn't fit in their driveway which causes the truck to overhang onto my walkway to my front door. That irks me but I can easily go around it so I haven't bothered to bring it up. They also drive across my driveway to get to theirs. Again, that isn't the main problem just another thing to add to what mildly annoys me. I do understand that their vehicle is large, the wife is pregnant, and they have a toddler so parking in the driveway is a lot better for them than parking on the street where their car wouldn't obstruct my walkway. What I am most upset about is that they use my driveway for their friends to park when they visit. I don't have a car and rarely do my friends drive to my place but, to me, it feels like they're invading my space and using property I pay rent for as their own. When their friends aren't using it, they have their kids play there. Normally I would just ask them to not do that but I don't own the house and also have never spoken to them so I don't want our first interaction to be a complaint. It wasn't them but one of their friends who used my driveway who loudly complained (I heard it clearly from inside the house) to his wife that my house was trashy. Admittedly, it did have a tonne of junk out front because other tenants in my house had just moved out that weekend and left the porch full of their garbage and old furniture. That pissed me off and made me decide I did not want anyone using the driveway if they were not living here/one of my guests. Again, I can see why they use the spot because we live on a busy street and their friends have young children as well. Am I the Asshole for not wanting my neighbours to feel entitled to space I rent but do not use? It is a massive convenience for them as they have young children and are pregnant."
595,"AITA for asking my neighbor to move their friends car Quick backstory. So I live in a townhouse community where there are no driveways but in front of every unit there are 2 parking spots which are reserved. Also, there isnt an abundance of parking spots for guests near my home, and most of the tenants of the homes have more than 2 cars so the guest spots are taken up by them quickly. There is a large guest parking area but its a good 10 minute walk so everyone just parks on the street. Maybe this is what has ignited this issue. So my neighbor has parties at least once every 3 months. There is obviously a parking issue, but at the same time there isn't much common sense. As the cars start to pile up, and space becomes limited, my neighbor feels its ok for her guests to line up the cars behind my cars blocking me in. The 1st time I had this issue, I was getting ready to leave for a party and had to go knock on her door and wait for the owner of the car to decide to move it which took almost 10 minutes. I was irritated! I own those spots and I dont feel that I should be inconvenienced to have to wait for the spot to clear for me to leave. To make matters worse, after I pulled out of the spot they parked in my spot. I didn't pay any mind to it but when I got home the car was still there so I had to once again wait 10 minutes for them to move it. I waited until the next time I saw her to speak with her about it. She didn't find any problem with it. I explained to her if I had an emergency I couldn't respond and leave.... thought I was crazy, argument escalated, nothing resolved. 3 months later, another party, once again, blocked. This time, I had no where to go. I didn't have to leave, I just didn't want my spots blocked. I knocked on her door and asked for the cars to be moved. Once again 10 minutes went by. The car was finally moved and about an hour later my neighbor knocks on my door telling me that I was being an ass to ask her to move the car if I wasn't going anywhere. I told her point blank ""Don't block my spot, I don't want my spot blocked"" Once again argument escalated, cops were called and for the evening the issue was resolved. Now, we dont speak, and I look the the crazy neighbor that places cones behind my cars so no car can park there and block my spots. I feel like an asshole. but, am I the Asshole?"
596,"AITA for being sick and tired of my friend's shit? Hey, reddit. Basically, the context of this little gem is that my group of friends plays a tabletop game. I recently got an exterior friend (Not from the original group) into the game thinking it would be a fun idea. Now, the story. A couple of weeks ago, the friend picks up his army and actually starts playing games, and is okay for a beginner. One of the biggest problems with this guy's army is that it was written in the rules to be flat out over-powered and is universally recognized as such. This friend continues to not only build an army of the most OP units, but also refuses to accept that what hes doing is wrong or that he is, in a matter of speaking, power-gaming. I continue to tell this friend that the way he's building his army will flat out lose him friends. But, once again, we run into the problem of his stubborn attitude in refusing that he's doing anything wrong. I feel bad calling him out so much, but at this point, I've just split contact with him until he learns to grow up and take an opinion from someone other than himself. I just need to know, reddit, Am I the Asshole here?"
597,"AITA: My wife is terrible at cleaning up after herself and I get very frustrated. My wife spends 8am - 5pm working from home, watching our 2 year old, and ""cleaning"". Except, our house is rarely clean. When I get home from work I ask her to help me clean. Dishes, cleaning up after the kid, sweeping, vacuuming, etc. She says, I've already done cleaning today. Here's the deal. She works part time from home and watches the kid. that is essentially her 8-5 job. She cleans ""when she can"". She expects that since she's ""cleaned"" during the day that it should be my responsibility to clean when I get home. Well, I worked all day too and I'd appreciate some help with cleaning the house. She acts like since she did some cleaning during the day that it exempts her from having to clean in the evenings. She just watches TV instead. I explained to her that we both work from 8-5. It's not fair that when I get home that I have to clean while she gets to watch TV and chill. She says, ""But I've been working, cleaning, and watching the baby all day. I don't want to clean anymore."" I say, ""I've been working all day too. Do you think I want to come home and clean? No, but it needs to be done."" I hope you get the situation. It's very frustrating to me to feel like I don't get a break. I have to work all day then come home and clean. I feel like my wife isn't pulling her weight and is doing less around the house than she thinks. For the sake of peace in the home I've tried to just clean everything, but it's making me bitter toward her and I don't want that. Am I the Asshole here?"
598,"AITA in this situation Ok so I had this really good friend and one day out of nowhere she tells me she wants space from me and gave me no reason at all. The next day I texted her 'I really don't appreciate being treated this way and if you want we can forget about this and be friends again or if not then it was nice knowing you'. She chose the second option here. Just wanna know that, was I the ass in this situation. I was just really hurt when she said she wanted space without even giving me and reason and totally out of the blue."
599,"AITA for being creeped out by a friend? So a newish friend asked me out recently and I rejected them in a way that was polite, but unambiguous. I offered to cool the friendship for a while if they needed distance, but they declined. The next day I received an unsolicited and kind of fetishy sext from the friend. I messaged back politely saying that I think they sent me a message intended for somebody else. They didn't apologise, but replied with a jokey non-sequitur instead, (which I responded to in kind because the whole thing was awkward as fuck and I was desperate to change the subject.) They've now texted me to confirm details of a pre-arranged evening at their place. Am I the asshole for no longer wanting to go? I don't mind if they have a crush on me, but the sext creeped me out and I'm pissed off that they didn't apologise for it. If they aren't prepared to respect my boundaries when it comes to sex, I'm not comfortable being alone in their apartment with them."
600,"AITA for being annoyed that my girlfriends still talks to her ex? Update; Me and here have talked it through and she seemed sincere enough saying it would never happen again, I guess we'll see where it goes from here. Thanks reddit First some information, I am 17 and she is 17, Her ex is 21 has no job, failed grade 12, no ambition, and they broke up because he was mooching money for alcohol, liquor and other things like that. I am the EXTREMELY jealous type. So a girlfriend talking to her ex is the worst. not to mention she was dating this guy for 4 years. The other day she said she was in with in a coffee shop with him because he coincidentally walked in while she was there and she didn't want to be rude. I then found out that she actually drove him there. and then she told me that she was only with him because he texted her saying he was lonely and needed something to do and asked if she needed a pack of cigarettes. Last night I found out that she actually texted him first, like 7 times. so not only did she hang out with him which is whatever, but she lied to me about it 3 times. But for some reason her and her friends think I'm the asshole for being upset. So tell me reddit, Am I the asshole or am I justified to be mad?"
601,AITA for called my coworker out for coming in early so he can leave sooner? We only get 25 hours a week. If we go over that we get in trouble and our hours are cut for two weeks. I have a coworker who will skip his lunches all week and come in 45 minutes early (and not do anything) so we can leave 2-3 hours early on Sunday. He will tell me that he didn't mean to come on early or skip his lunch. So I tell him he's full of shit and it's a dick move on his part because he's leaving the store short staffed when we need him the most. My manager doesn't give a fuck because he doesn't do shit anyway. My assistant manager is too big of a pussy to call him out on it. So I do it. I do it every time he tries to pull that shit
602,"AITA for hating my step-mother? So, my parents got a divorce a long time ago and my father got married again. I wouldn't mind this, I don't live in the same city as my father so I shouldn't have to deal with more or new people (I'm also an introvert). The problem arises when my dad wants to travel somewhere, as he will pick me up and take me in a 4 hour road trip with 2 step-brothers and a son exclusive to her, all of them under 5 years old crying and being annoying, which I even though find very uncomfortable barely manage to ignore. But it all falls down when I have to interact with her. She is what one would colloquially call a germaphobe, she also has serious problems with her authority being challenged (Once I sat in the front seat for a trip, she flipped out because she wanted to sit there and finally decided not to come) probably because I'm 17 and she feels she is entitled to order those younger than her, she is quite religious and acts in ways to actively go against what would be convenient for me even if it is the best for everyone (once we had to go to a mall and also take me home, even though there was a mall right next to my house she decided we should go to the one closest to our current position, making me sit through 4 hours of watching shopping), all of which I find annoying. I actively do things to annoy her as I find her reactions amusing, mostly unconsequential things, but not nearly as often as she does what I already mentioned. Edit: Well, I realized I skipped an important bit of information. It isn't a happy family, my dad agrees that she is wrong but doesn't confront her because it would be hell for him back at home."
603,"AITA for breaking my friend's retainer? This happened in 2003 when we were both 8 years old during school. I was finishing up a writing assignment and several of my friends had already finished and decided to move their desks to each side of me, and one behind me, trapping me. I ignored it and kept writing. When I finished, I had forgotten about the desks being moved, and pushed my chair backwards to hand in my assignment, knocking over the desk behind me and breaking my friend's retainer which was inside. This has been bothering me for some while now because all of my friends seemed to agree with him, and even my mother told me it was my fault which really threw me off. Thankfully, his mom didn't make us pay for it. AITA?"
604,"AITA I probably am but I hope l can redeem myself when it comes to seatbelts Alright so the other day I passed a speed trap and my friend didn't have his seatbelt on because he's an idiot. He also as soon as he saw the trap and we were passing it pulled out the seatbelt and put it on slowly and I mean slowly. It really pissed me off because no matter the law if he saw it, which my friend gave a big opportunity for, he would pull us over. I jokingly said if you got a ticket it would be hilarious since you don't have a license. He then said I'd get a ticket even though he was an adult sitting in the front passenger seat of my car. That's not far fetched to me. But I saw a commercial about two guys in a car and the officer came to the passenger and gave him a ticket for not wearing a seatbelt. From what I've read I'd get the ticket but I know the video which was sponsored by some pd gave the ticket to the passenger. Does anywhere do that or is it always the drivers fault for driving around idiots that don't wear seatbelts?"
605,"AITA for unfriending my ex that we recently broke up without telling her? throwaway, So I was together with my girlfriend for almost 2 years, she left to study abroad and I stayed, we decided to stay together and try long distance. A while later she decided that it is the best if we break up, but she wanted to remain friends. So we broke up. I occasionally wrote to her to check how she was. One day I had a job interview and I was quite nervous, and I wrote to tell her that. She helped with a few tips. I later I got another interview telling me the requirements and the pay. I agreed a few days later and just recently started working. But she never wrote back and asked about it. I know she didn't have to, but I thought that even as friends it wasn't going to work out. So I just unfriended her without saying or explaining anything. So am I the asshole?"
606,"AITA by being to focused? So this is a common occurrence in my relationship. I tend to play a lot of video games, mmos and the like. I can get very into these games doing raids and pvp which demand a lot of focus. Moving out of stuff being aware of others actions and having my own job to perform. I am notoriously bad for being a one task man and because of this i can block out absolutely everything around be and be blissfully unaware. Now more often then not while performing these tasks which in turn make me focus i block out everything and my girlfriend gets pissed saying im intentionally ignoring her. I'll admit i do tend to miss things but it's not because im ignoring her but more of because im focused on what i am doing. In general I will usually be aware that i missed something and ill say something along the lines of ""sorry i missed that, what did you ask?"" but she will respond with stuff like ""Whatever just go play with you internet bf"" and stuff which really pisses me off because i do not give 1 shit about most of the people i play with, im just focused on what i am doing. I don't necessarily think she is being an asshole for being upset i didn't hear her, but more so the shitty comments she gives.... Soooo AITA"
607,"AITA for... I don't know what to call this one (long) So this one is gonna sounds like something straight out of a bad movie, but I ensure you guys, my life is basically a big joke. For the purpose of this story let's name our people Me - Ronald Best Friend - Jason Ex grill - Katie Lets get this out of the way, I have moved on, I don't care about Katie anymore but I lost Jason as a friend and want to know who's the asshole in this situation. Jason has been my best friend since I was 2 and he was 3. So about 2 years ago now Jason and Katie were being basically friends with benefits (all diddle no commitment) and then when they stopped it was because Jason specifically told Katie ""No, I don't want to date, I don't have any feelings for you"" She was in a bad state of mind and started talking to me about it, She liked me, I could tell, and I liked her (lmao who knows why) I still wasn't gonna be a dick to Jason and start dating her like a week after they ended their thing. However, 3 months went by and she still liked me, and Jason had a new girlfriend so like?? So me and Katie started dating. It was nothing serious, we were both like 16 and ""dated"" for about 2 months (we went on 1 date and were just horny teenagers the rest of the time) We started fighting a lot towards the end of our relationship, She started talking to Jason again. I was happy because I knew how sad she was when they stopped talking. Jason broke up with his girlfriend and I was like oh. okay. Katie blew me off to go hang out with Jason one day. I broke up with her that night. (Here is were the fun begins) She begged and pleaded that I don't break up with her, and said ""Please Ronald, I don't want to break up, but if you feel you need the time then I respect that. Ill wait for you"" A few days later I asked her if she had feelings for Jason and she got mad and stormed off. Less than a week later I see her snap chat story and its her and him in bed together with the covers pulled up halfway up their faces captioned ""Sleepovers with bae <3"" I talked to Jason about it, And was like man wtf But they were whatever you call it before me and her were dating so I couldn't really say anything. Now as I say I have NO regrets about breaking up with her (she was also crazy but that's a whole other story) I just want to know, Was I the asshole, or was Jason? or was Katie just a toxin? Like I say, I have no regrets about breaking up with her, and I am over it, But was it worth losing a best friend over?"
608,AITA for thinking ebony porn is a fetish if you're white?
609,"AITA for kinda not wanting to talk to a depressed friend ever again? I know that guy for a pretty long time, and his depression started like 3 years ago. Since then, it was kinda going okay with me and him, but the last 6 months or so he started to talk to me about pretty much all of his problems. I sure like to help people and listening to the problems, but i slowly start to grow more and more tired of doing so with him. Its like i can help him in the short term, but it seems like i cant help him long term. And after talking to him about his problems i feel really drawn out and need a break of a couple of hours. And on top of that im currently having my own problems in life. But when im thinking about stopping to talk to him, i imagine making him really upset because he told me that of all the help he is getting by his parents, his doctors and his anti-depressant, i am the only help that works for him. And i totally do not want to make his situation worse. So tell me, am i the asshole for not wanting to talk to him anymore?"
610,"AITA for going on a already planned and paid-for vacation when my girlfriend is sick and losing her house? The vacation has been planned and paid for for 3/4 of a year and was really expensive. Really looking forward to it as I'll be meeting a lot of old friends, while my girlfriend is losing her house, is sick with a kidney infection and is refusing my offers to let her stay at my place (she lives kinda far away) or to let me pay for to her to get some temporary place. I feel guilty that I'll be having fun and she's in the lowest place she's ever been in her life. Am I the asshole?"
611,"AITA for not wanting to let my friend hit my bong because I feel like he uses me for weed? My friend wants to take a hit off my new bong and try it out. I've let him smoke my weed for free as a favor over 7 times and he's only let me smoke his weed twice, out of my own pipe (he rarely gets his own weed because he rarely has money, and when he does, he wants to use my pipe and grinder). So I told him no and he keeps begging, and he actually seems a little bit jealous I have a job and he doesn't because he said it was unfair that I get paid and he doesn't. AITA for telling him no because to me, it seems like he uses me for my pot? Edit: My friend in this story is named Matt, and was featured in the previous post I made as well"
612,"AITA for wanting to end my lifelong friendship with my best friend? Ok so I won't give you the whole history of my friendship with my best friend, but rather a fast forward version until today. There are four of us friends in this group so I'll call them Cole, Cam, and Samuel. (Fake names obviously)(and then myself) So ever since elementary school I have been friends with a group of guys. Cole and Cam have been best friends practically since birth, and naturally they're closer to each other than they are with the rest of the group. Samuel considers Cam his best friend, but the feeling isn't reciprocated. Of our group of friends, my family is the most well off so we always paid for our group to do the fun stuff growing up. Throughout high school my parents would buy us tickets to NBA and NFL games, all kinds of concerts (including Lollapalooza twice), and steakhouses practically once a month. We did quite a bit. I am closest with Cole. Cam has been an asshole to me quite frequently. Instead of treating us like equals, Cole was his best friend so whenever he had money, they would do stuff together without Me and Samuel. He took Cole to the same stuff we always took everyone to including cruises, games, concerts, and set him up with girls for double dates. I was finally fed up with being treated as a 2nd class citizen and I ended my friendship with Cam. I should add that we're all currently freshmen in college. I told Cole how unfair Cam treated me, so he understood me ending the friendship within the last year. And I can't ask Cole to stop being friends with Cam, because he reaps the benefits. Fine with me, but I don't want to hangout with Cam. So Cole claims that we're best friends and he treats me and Cam as equals. In my mind, that's fair. So my family still being well off, I still take Cole to steakhouses, games, concerts, events, and etc. So two nights ago, Cole invites me to the house he just started renting. I was down, and I knew Cam would be there, but I didn't care too much. Well Cole cancels on me because Cam set him up with a double date because he just recently got out of a relationship. I told him I probably wasn't going to come anyway, because I didn't want to be driving to his house at midnight after his date was over when he lives an hour away from my college. He got pissed, but then claimed he was joking with me, as friends do. Last night Cole threw a party with many of our friends from high school attending. I wasn't invited by Cole, and I was really pissed. I texted him during the party and told him ""Thanks for the invite."" He stated ""You blew me off yesterday."" I told him that he said he wasn't going to be back anyway, but whatever because I'm used to"
613,"AITA, I'm honestly concerned A few months ago, I started working with this girl. I knew immediately that I liked her, but I stayed away because she had a fiance and a 19 month old kid. After a few months of working with her, I found out she broke up with her fiance and was interested in me, so we started dating. A few weeks into the relationship I started having nightmares about her going back to her fiance, but she would always reassure me that she was only into me, and I believed her because it made me feel better I guess. We got to a point where we were saying I love you to each other, and the night before the argument, she wanted me to buy her something, and she even said teasingly ""If you buy me this, I'll love still love you forever."" We were together for about 3 months, until a few days ago she broke up with me over text message to get back together with her fiance. Her argument was that ""It's complicated. Once you have a kid with someone, it's hard to picture your life with anyone else. I care for [her fiance] more than I knew I did."" So basically she doesn't love me anymore and did what I literally had nightmares about, so naturally I'm kinda pissed. My question here, I guess, is do I have the right to be pissed in this situation, or am I an asshole for hating that this happened and getting between them in the first place."
614,"AITA for calling my roommate to ask her if her plans with a friend were still on due to her unresponsiveness to his texts and so that we could plan around it? So my roommate is angry at me and I'm trying to figure out where I screwed up here. I was going out with some friends to go grocery shopping and ran inside my apartment to grab my shopping list. My roommate was lying on the couch watching a movie. She looked tired, but otherwise in a neutral/passive sort of mood. I greeted her and told her I'd be back in a few hours and left. When I got into my friend's car and headed off to the grocery store, he was surprised to hear that my roommate was home, as they were supposed to meet to hang out and study that afternoon, but she hadn't answered his texts asking to confirm the details. He wanted to go in and ask her in person, but knowing my roommate (who was dressed in lounge clothes and would not have appreciated the unexpected company of men in our apartment, however brief), I said that that wasn't a good idea and he should just call her. Because he was driving, and he needed to know if they were still meeting because he'd have to alter the group's shopping plans depending on if they were still studying, he asked me to call my roommate. I called my roommate and said ""Hey, [friend] wants to know if you are still studying at [time and place] or if you wanted to meet at a different time or not at all."" ""Why are you calling me?"" She sounded very upset. ""Um.. Because you didn't answer [friend's] texts and he's driving right now so he can't call you. I can have him call you back if you'd rather him call you."" ""No, you shouldn't have called me."" She was very upset and I was fumbling my words as my heart sank realizing I must have done something wrong. ""Okaysorrybye!"" I hung up. I relayed the information to my friend as we tried to discuss what might have happened or why she'd be upset with me. She later texted him back to tell him that they weren't hanging out anymore (I didn't see the message so I don't know if she was mad, couldn't make it, didn't feel good, or whatever). We had a feeling she was having a rough day. When I got home later, I asked her if she was doing all right and apologized for the call. She said she didn't want to talk about it right then, which I understand and I'm okay with. But she did appear to be upset with me still. I don't think I'm the asshole here, as the meeting wasn't anything personal that I shouldn't have known about as far as I can tell. So I feel like I shouldn't apologize because I didn't do anything wrong. But I wanted to make sure I didn't miss anything or violated any social"
615,"AITA for avoiding doing anything involving a girl who I feel was leading me on for her own selfish reasons? Met a girl during December. We became friends. We have a lot of mutual friends in common, including one guy I consider a good friend. However, after what this girl did, I have been avoiding her as well as anything involving hanging out with her. I started to develop feelings for her. She was flirting with me a lot. So, I asked her out. She said no, and that was fine by me. Of course I felt shitty, but we left it behind and continued hanging out. One week after rejecting me, she began to act very romantic with me. She began holding my hand in public, telling me how much she enjoys being with me, cuddling with me, etc. So, I was a bit surprised by this and asked her if she changed her mind about the rejection. She told me ""I want to just be friends"" and that she had ""no idea"" what I meant by how she was flirting with me (even the hand holding). I told her to stop bullshitting and leading me on, and I haven't done anything with her since. The part that I'm angry about is how she knew I had feelings for her, yet decided to act like she was interested in me (she also liked it when people mistook us for a couple). When I asked her about it, she told me she had no idea she was doing anything. To me, this just reeks of narcissism, selfishness, and a need to control others. I was fine after the initial rejection, but the fact she did this and tried to act like she did nothing wrong made it very hard for me to be able to trust her. My friends agree with me that she was wrong. She has also since apologized to me. However, I don't want anything to do with her anymore. She still asks me to hang out and such, but I always make up an excuse. (the fact she still asks me to do things together further confirms how I feel) My close friend I mentioned at the beginning of this post seems to have pigeon-holed me into the ""nice guy who got friendzoned"" category and that I should stop being dramatic and just get over it. He says I'm being too narrow-minded (not sure if this is the correct word in English). I disagree: to me, she's proven that she's willing to manipulate me. Again, I'm not angry at the rejection- I'm angry at the fact we're in our early 20's and she was playing games with me like a highschool kid. So, am I being immature and dramatic over something petty? Or, am I justified in turning down invitations and avoiding situations where I'll be in the same room as this woman? I'm not trying to make things difficult or complicated. I just feel I'm too old to bother with people who don't respect me."
616,"AITA for not wanting to hear about someone else's affair? there's a girl i've known since high school (we're now in our 30s, both women). we'll say...Lisa. Lisa and i have a long history, but the short version is she's always been an impulsive, thoughtless, and self-centered person. some days i really think about going full no-contact with her. i live in another country, so it would be fairly easy. in the fall of 2013 Lisa started crushing on some older guy (Brad) at work (she's married). i heard a lot about it and my advice was always for her to just ignore it and to try and exercise some self-restraint, since she was only a temp and would be done there in a couple of months and then never have to interact with Brad again. instead Lisa threw herself at him and has now been fucking him behind her husband's back for over a year. for a long, long while conversations with her were basically either about drama revolving around Brad (turns out he's married, not a bachelor; turns out he has a kid; turns out he might not get a divorce) or childish bragging about this or that great sex they just had. finally i had it and told her that i wasn't going to talk to her about Brad anymore. my reasoning was: all of her conversations were about her relationship with Brad (who i think is a creepy, exploitative motherfucker) and about ""ME ME ME ME."" if i could take Lisa's favorite topic of discussion off the table, then she might be more interesting and rewarding to talk to. because from my perspective, she never wanted to have a CONVERSATION about him. she just wanted an audience for her sexcapades and drama. never mind that tongue-biting frustrating that comes with someone talking about a boyfriend/girlfriend you think is a legitimately crappy person. i didn't explain ALL of that to her (maybe i should have?). instead i just told her ""you know that i think he's a creep who's taking advantage of you. i've been clear from the beginning. hearing about all of this only makes me angry and i don't want to be angry at you."" which is all entirely true. this rule has been in place since last august and overall its had the net benefit i intended. however, periodically Lisa asks me to renege. she claims to feel like she is hiding ""half her life"" from me, and that she wants to be able to share her happiness with me. so, AITA for asking Lisa to not talk to me about Brad? am i being too super cereal sensitive?"
617,"AITA for not forgiving my uncle while his mother I dying? Where to start? My grandmother right now is in the hospital and is not doing well. Doctors give her two day before she passes away. My uncle is paranoid, schizophrenic and used to be addicted to drugs. I lived with him and my grandma for around two years and he made my living situation awful. Some of the things he did was steal my laptop (he thought I was working with the government to spy on him), he physically attacked my sister for being on her phone (he thought she was recording him) and let my dog purposefully run away. He's done other awful, truly terrible stuff but with my family they always forgave him because he 'was in another state of mind' but I haven't. Today in the hospital he was clear minded and wanted to make peace. I basically refused in probably the most polite way possible. After I refused I was thinking to myself that it was kinda assholey and petty to not forgive him while his mom is dying. My mom said she understands but I was wondering what others think. Tldr: uncle made my life pretty miserable for a while. He asked for forgiveness but I declined. Edit: I want to make clear that I have accepted his 'apologies' in the past. This was the first time I said no because I finally learned that his actions will never change. Idk if this makes my decision any better"
618,"AITA for not liking Beginner's Guide? I'm sure a bunch of you are already ready to tell me yes, I am one, but hear me out. I'm not a big computer gamer at all, but I loved The Stanley Parable (the developer of Beginner's Guide's previous work, for my fellow n00bs). Without doing much research (my bad, I know), I bought Beginner's Guide and played it all the way through in one sitting. I didn't NOT enjoy it--in fact, there were parts I found really compelling--and it was more than worth the $6 on Humble Bundle that I paid, but I felt there were some parts that I couldn't fully appreciate because a) I know so little about gaming and Wreden's personal life and b) I went into the game expecting the totally wrong thing (once again, my bad). I also by no means think it's a flawless game. However, my boyfriend is a huge, huge, HUGE game nerd. He designs them, he plays them, he reads about them. I knew that he would love it and be a lot more prepared to enjoy it than I, so I recommended it to him in part because of that, and in part because it's just the kind of game you want to talk to somebody about! Fast forward to today. He's finished the game, and over text, we launch into a discussion, at first about our favorite parts. After a bit, the conversation shifts, and I move in to talking about a (imo) particularly heavy-handed metaphor that I didn't enjoy. My boyfriend happened to like said metaphor, and I made sure to acknowledge that I thought that was valid, but then I moved on into talking about how it connected to a different part that I also wasn't crazy about, yadda yadda yadda. I don't want to bore you with this part, but I can explain more if necessary in the comments. At this point, I'm home from class, and we move to videochatting. As soon as the camera starts up, I can tell that something is wrong. He looked very upset, and I asked him if he was okay. He says no, and explains that Beginner's Guide was really important to him and he enjoyed it a lot, and that because it had become so personal to him, my argument had made him feel bad. I do a lot of media analysis for school, and it's one of my strengths, so he felt I was arguing its flaws very well, which was actually cheapening the game for him. He also felt that because I'm a strong writer and speaker, and he is less so, that he couldn't adequately argue against my position. He asked that we stop talking about it, which I did immediately and with an apology. Here's my dilemma. I do feel terrible about making him feel bad, and about partially ruining what was once a pure and great experience for him. I don't know who wouldn't feel awful. However, I don't actually think it's fair for him to be"
619,"AITA for caring less about the laundry compared to my GF A little background: My GF and I are living together for a while now. From the start it was clear that the amount of care we take for our clothes during laundry differs (a lot). To sketch an image: I separate my clothes into whites and colours. Next to that I do a separate laundry for my towels and sheets. My GF does separate laundries for: white, black, blue and red&purple clothes. Besides that she also does separate washes for different kinds of fabric (which I understand). Because our opinions differ in such a big way we agreed, at the start, that we each mainly do our own laundry. Only because she separate her clothes to such extent, she most of the time has a too tiny pile to really fill up the machine. So if needed she gets some of my dirty clothes and washes them too. We have never really talked about this, it sort of happened one time and I have never objected about it (why would I). Now to the conflict of today: Today she did her laundry and because she had too little dirty clothes she grabbed some pants and a sweater of mine. After the machine does it job she goes and hang up the clothes to dry. As I can hear her curse I check up on her to see if there's something wrong. I find out that there was a paper tissue still my sweater. So now all her clothes are covered with little pieces of paper. I tell her to not worry about it and just hang the clothes and if they are dry you can easily remove the pieces of paper, which is the thing I always do when it happens to me. Me thinking nothing of it went to continue working (I sometimes work at home). Later that day, I'm on my way out for a meeting but I notice her being all grumpy and shit, so I ask her if everything is okay. As a reply I get a rant about how I'm inconsiderate by not caring about her/mine clothes, that I should empty the pockets of dirty clothes and some other stuff about clothes and laundry. However because I had to go to that meeting I had to stop her rant, but we agreed to discuss this tomorrow (the earliest moment we will see eachother again). However it does make me wonder who is in the wrong. What you guys think?"
620,"AITA for keeping my ex's DS? **Situation** Around 4 or 5 years ago when we were in high school, my boyfriend loaned me his Nintendo DS (the original model, nothing fancy) because mine was stolen. With it, Pokemon Platinum and Emerald. He never used it anymore because he had a 3DS. We broke up around a year later, after we started at different colleges, and I never returned it. The fact of the matter is that I still feel kind of guilty about this, but my current bf tells me I shouldn't. He believes that items left with exes are ""fair game,"" but I don't think I agree, especially since the items I left with him were much less valuable. So I set up a list of pros and cons to weigh but I'm still not sure I'm not an asshole. So I'm asking your help. **Yes, I am the asshole:** * **I have had opportunities to return it**. We live in the same town, so during summer and breaks I've had plenty of opportunities to return it. He doesn't even live that far from me and I could have just dropped it off in a box without even having to confront anyone. Also, I've hung out with a mutual friend twice since we've broken up (it got weird because she was still so close with him) and although I fully intentioned to give it to her, I totally forgot. * **It was always a loan, not a gift**. We always intentioned for me to give it back. It was never ""my"" DS, just his that he was loaning me. * **I don't need it anymore**. My best friend gave me her old DS Lite last Christmas and I bought my own Pokemon game so all I use it for now is to trade between games. Even so, I haven't played since like last Christmas. * **I brought it to Europe**. I'm studying abroad until July and brought both DS's with me. This just feels like a dick move. * *His sister. This one is iffy because I can't remember perfectly, but I think his sister used to use it to interact between her Animal Crossing games? (Wild World and New Leaf- she also had a 3DS. Or they shared it. Or she only used it for Wild World before the 3DS was released… can't remember). So that would be pretty shitty of me to keep it from her. She was such a sweetie and didn't do anything to deserve that.* * **I am smug**. He didn't treat me great, and the childishness of feeling smug about keeping his DS makes me feel like I'm being an asshole. **No, I'm not the asshole** * **He hasn't made an attempt to get it back**. He only mentioned it in passing when we first broke up, and has not tried to make any contact with me for any reason since. Exact context, because I feel this is unclear. From the email he sent me when he finally ""accepted"" that I had broken up with"
621,"AITA for being pissed about driving someone home at 6am? This girl was doing homework at my apartment until pretty late. Apartment mate #1 invited her over, so not my guest, but I know her pretty well and have hung out with her before. She got tired around 1 am and fell asleep on our couch so I brought a blanket out for her and chargers for her phone/laptop. At 6am, apartment mate #2 wakes up to find her leaving our place, stops her and tells her that I can drive her home. He then wakes me up and asks me to drive her home. I do, but I'm pissed about it for a couple of reasons: 1. She could have easily walked home (she lives like a 7-8 minute walk from our place, it was light enough to see outside already, and busses were running already). 2. She's not my guest. 3. I was sleeping and was rudely woken up. 4. Apt mate #2 offered my services before asking if I'd be okay with it. 5. I feel it should have been Apt mate #1's responsibility as he also has a car. Side note: Apt mate #2 does not have a car, so he couldn't drive her himself. So AITA for being pissed at Apt mate #2 right now?"
622,"AITA for moving out? A month ago, I had to vacate the house I was living in because the owner wanted to renovate it to put on the market to sell. He gave me back a pro-rated portion of my rent and everything was fine. However, I had nowhere to go on such short notice. My younger brother allowed me to crash on his couch (actually use his room since he was never in it) until I could find a place to live. About a week or so in, one of his two room mates comes to me and asks if I'd be interested in taking over his portion of the rent/lease. He just couldn't afford it anymore. Rent is cheap, especially split three ways, so I said sure. We even switched the utilities in my name since my brother and his other room mate had horrible credit. Room mate #2 moves out and they release him of his contractual obligations through the leasing office. I go to turn in my application so I can sign the lease, and since I have a dog (about 50lbs, shepherd mix), I'm willing to pay the pet fee up front, too. However, the leasing office tells me their weight limit is 35lbs and the breed (German shepherd) isn't allowed because it's ""aggressive."" Rules are rules, whatever, they won't budge, and I'm not giving up my dog for a place I won't be living in come six months (lease will be up), so I decide to move out. I even offer to pay off the remaining utilities for them to switch and the next month's rent so they can find another room mate. As far as I'm concerned, we're all in the fault for not realizing up front the strict pet rules/weight limit before releasing room mate #2 and having me sign on. So, am I the asshole for moving out and keeping my dog?"
623,"AITA for wiping my mouth after kissing my wife? More often than not I wipe my mouth off after kissing my wife. This is usually due to her wearing lip gloss/balm. But I find myself doing it even when she is not wearing it, maybe force of habit. But she catches me doing it from time to time and says ""Stop wiping away my love!"" and gets visibly upset. I explain the lip gloss issue but when she isn't wearing it she gets more upset. Am I the asshole? Not that she is an asshole in any way but am I being one?"
624,"AITA for refusing to help my friend with his grades? To provide some context first: I'm a straight A student; my friend is failing most classes(has an average of 10 in algebra) and when he's not failing, he has low C's. His teachers have been telling him to get his grades up, but he's been neglecting it for weeks. His uncle offered him money for a 4-day pass to Denver Comic con, money for meeting the people there, money for some expensive AF Kylo Ren costume, and on top of that a wad of spending money; all of this, if he's able to get a B average in all classes. A fucking B. What pisses me off is that this motivated him enough to try and improve his grades, and by improve his grades I mean copying down all of the work I did for all of the papers he's refused to do the entire semester. His teachers are lenient as fuck, and are actually taking all of his work. One of them even boosted his average up 10 points just because he asked them to. I don't know why this makes me so mad. Maybe because he has rich family and I don't, and I'm salty because of my own family's financial issues. I work hard in school for nothing in return, and he's offered nearly $1000 worth of rewards just to get a B average. I'm sorry for ranting, I just needed to get this out. I don't want to be a horrible person, but this is how I feel."
625,"AITA for getting mad at my brother for using my things? So, I have this micro USB to USB cable I got for Christmas (Wonderful gift, I know.) and my brother has a tablet. He recently asked me if he could borrow it to charge it because for some reason he doesn't have one. I said he could as long as he gave it back to me when he was done. A while went by and I forgot about it until I found it plugged into the wall on a kitchen counter and no tablet in sight. I called out my brother for just leaving it there like that and not giving it back when he was done. His response was ""How else am I suppose charge it?"" I got mad and told him to ask next time and went on my way A few days later (Today), I just finished vacuuming the house, and I go into his room and find him on his tablet using my charger even though he never asked. I got mad at him, and said if he can't ask for it then he can't use it at all. Now he's in his room moping. Please tell me, am I the asshole?"
626,"AITA for dumping my girlfriend because she wasn't religious? I'm a christian, she was an athiest. It caused many fights and arguments for months and was clearly tearing things apart. I knew neither of us were happy so I ended it. When our friends found out why I dumped her, they ""took her side"" and stopped talking to me. I lost all my friends."
627,"AITA for not responding during a rough time? Some backstory: During my drug use, I started getting addicted. With that, I started getting awful benzo-esque withdrawals (panic attacks, fast heart rate, insomnia, nightmares, etc.) I needed support from my friends. I have a lot of them, and when I ended up sobering up I needed support from them badly. I was never very close with my family, so other relationships, whether it be an SO or some guys I smoke with, are what I rely on for support. Lately, I've grown *incredibly* close to some people cause of the support they've given me during withdrawal. Staying over/with me during panic attacks (even if it got late), asking what they can do to help or what not, giving me rides to places- I'm eternally grateful to some of these people and wouldn't trade them for anything. Now, I'm basically out of it (it would've been short, but was drawn out by a series of relapses) and I've realized something. In the midst of getting closer to all my friends, I started losing one of my closer ones. This friend of mine has been going through some rough stuff too, so I tried to give him attention, but he messaged me or called me every day during withdrawal to complain about something different. Whether it was something he could've avoided if he just listened to my advice, or something from his past, or anything. He was always complaining, always negative, always bitching to me. Now, to the actual situation: I could not bare to deal with that during withdrawal. I had given him my full support before, way more than he had given me, but during withdrawal I couldn't do that. For years I had given (let's call him Nero for now) Nero my full support, thick and thin, through rough times and easy times, but for once, I couldn't do it. None of my other friends had a problem with me suddenly being kinda needy. I just needy positivity, and at some points, a hand to hold. And during night time, I had no one to help me cope. It was me, my panic attacks, and hopefully white noise, a documentary or something to keep me sane. But Nero gave me none of this. He offered his full support, but when it came to receiving his support, he eventually made it about himself and his poetry or becoming a poet (which wasn't all that good, but I never had the heart to tell him that.) Eventually it got to the point where I couldn't go 10 hours without sending him a message without him getting upset, or even worse, telling me he felt like hurting himself. It was definitely not what I needed, but at the same time, I didn't want to desert him all together, because he was going through things. I knew if I told him anything straight up, he'd threaten to hurt, or even worse, kill himself. Basically, I ended up in a limbo; talking to everyone but him to"
628,"AITA for not wanting to go to church every sunday with my mom? So, I'm not just some edgy teen, I'm 19 years old and actually consider myself to be agnostic bordering on catholic. I go to school full time and don't do much else. I never go out with friends or anything. I am fine going sometimes, but other times I am busy and don't have time/have more important things to do. Whenever I try to tell my mom this, she makes the same points: ie you live under my roof, it's very important to me, it's my job to make sure you don't go to hell, sometimes she even cries. It makes me feel very guilty, but at the same time, I'm an adult now and should be able to decide if I want to go to church or not, yeah? Am I the asshole?"
629,"AITA for not wanting to drive my sister? Backstory: I just turned seventeen, and I got a new car, with some financial help from my parents. Next year I will drive to school, while paying for the gas, paying the $85 parking fee, and general maintenance on the car. My parents asked me to drive my sister (a freshman next year) everyday to school with me. When I said I wouldn't like to, considering it was my first time to drive alone after ten years of taking the bus, they simply said to do it or don't drive the car. My sister has only given $20 to the parking fee, and won't contribute to gas at all. I feel it's unfair that she'll have two years of getting free rides while I'm forced to take her. AITA for not wanting to give her free rides?"
630,"AITA for wanting my new roommate to get his cat out of my house? Got a new roommate this last week, he's a cool guy so far and understanding it seems. I already have 3 male cats, all neutered. I gave him permission to bring his cat with him and we'll see how he gets along with my boys. Turns out he's not fixed and in less than 24 hrs he has already sprayed in the house and it smells awful. I got up early and had to leave for work and didn't see my roommate to talk about it but I'm already fed up and ready for the cat to be gone. I'm pretty sure he could keep his cat at his moms house or something but I'm not sure. He won't be living with me very long, only a couple weeks before he moves to texas for a job thing. Would I be an asshole if I told him he can't have his cat at my house until he moves out? UPDATE: I got home from work and only one of my roommates (not the one with the cat) was home too. I said hello to all the kitties including the new guy, and he was being kinda sweet but all of a sudden attacked the shit out of my arm. Not like a nip, but full blown wrapped around my arm and attacked my forearm. He then continues to be a dick to my other cats who were just playing nice. I had enough when he tried to fuck with my old man kitty who does literally nothing but sleep all day and mind his own business. I tried to shoo him away and he got all defensive like he was going to attack me again for it. I've had cats all my life and this one was starting to scare the shit out of me. I ended up getting him by the scruff and booting him to his bedroom. My other roommate was around when this was happening and telling me he's pissed about the cat too. My roommate came home moments after that, and before I had even said hello, my other roommate came up and immediately told him how much he hates the cat already. He was meowing loud as fuck all night and he pointed out the piss problem and also brought up that he had attacked my arm (which I told him about after it happened). He took the news pretty well and we discussed everything within the last 24hrs and I also told him about it being Spay and Neuter month. He said he will look up some places online and take the cat to the vet tomorrow and get it done ASAP. I'm sure this asshole attitude and spraying is because of that and he's the only non neutered male in the house so he feels the need to assert his dominance."
631,"[META] This in not an advice subreddit! You are all welcome to give advice if you feel you have a solution to OP's problem, but try to remember that this is not the purpose of this subreddit. OPs who want advice can go to /r/relationships or /r/Advice or whatever. We're here to decide which of the parties involved in a dispute are the ones who are at fault for causing it. People come here to tell their story and find out if most people would blame them for the conflict involved. People are free to advise and discuss, but the top voted comment should at least clearly show which judgement the upvoters are agreeing with. Yet somehow, in 3 out of the last 5 discussions I haven't been able to tell which actual judgement the top commenter agrees with. Usually, the comment gives advice that spells out that the OP needs to change what he's doing to solve a problem he's created but includes a statement like ""you're not an asshole"". To me, it seems like these commenters absolutely think OP is at fault, but are too timid to say it in the terms we ask, so they waffle and imply, and we're left to guess what flair is right. Please, if you are making a 1st level comment on any AITA thread, pick one of these 6 options and clearly state that it is your judgement...then you're free to comment or ask questions in any way you want. * not the asshole * OP is the asshole * everyone sucks * too close to call * no a--holes here * not enough info P.S. For the 100^th time: when you say ""OP is the asshole"" in this sub, you are not saying that OP is a horrible person, or that his general personality sucks. You're just saying that in the limited scenario that OP is describing, he is the person that should be blamed for the conflict that he's asking about. It just means, ""this one is your fault"" not ""your personality is crap and you suck"". So don't be so afraid to call the OP an asshole; it's more helpful than you think."
632,"AITA for responding to my ex's messages on FB? Okay obviously I'm going to have to give you a fair bit of context here. Otherwise I = asshole based on title alone. It's a little more complicated than that, and here's why. * Been a relationship with current s/o 5 years. * Last year I **Attempted** to break it off due to not really being intimate enough to deem it a ""relationship"" anymore. * Starting seeing said Ex (who was the nicest guy to me and I still feel shit for having to explain giving original bf another chance) Now, this is where it sorta.. warps. I got back with long term bf. He begged, second chances, amirite? (I still felt like I loved him enough to at least try PLUS 5 years is a long time to just *forget*) Ex messages me on Fb a month or so after and ongoing until now. Asks how I am, wanted to remain friends.. which I was ok with. Nothing romantic about it. Just ""How was your day/ how are your parents"".. type deal. Come to present day. Ex attempts to organize a ""trip"" to come see me/ me go see him. Sends, and I quote, ""When are you leaving that other crap behind"". Bf sees this and flat out says I don't want you to talk to him anymore etc... I said ok, let me explain to ex what is going on. (I felt like I had to, otherwise he would drive up (2+ hours drive) only to not be able to see me) I send him, and I quote, ""[Bf's name] dislikes me conversing with you.. i can see why.. i mean i did sleep with you. , anyway that and its just starting to make me realize what the fuck i did.. it's not going to happen anymore. don't worry about coming up alright."" and I sent another one straight after "" i dont want you to waste your time on me anymore"" Bf flips an even BIGGER shit. Now I'm in the doghouse for wanting to clear things up. AITA for wanting to let Ex at least know what is going on? tl;dr - Ex is the kind of person to make spur of the moment decisions, such as random road trips (at least, while we were together). **Wanted to make sure he didn't waste his time/ money on fuel/gas to visit** due to Bf disallowing it. AITA? EDIT: Just wanted to clarify that Ex is not interested in romantic/ intimate relationship anymore. Given that he was very upset about my getting back together with current Bf it would be very uncharacteristic for him to even TRY anything."
633,"AITA for locking out my flatmate? So I have 2 flatmates, and all of us had one set of keys each to the apartment. We are all students living in the apartment because we study abroad. One of the flatmates forgot his keys at his parent's house when he came back after the winter break. So one day before he went out he asked me quickly if I was going to be home later tonight to open the door for him, I quickly said yes, forgetting that I had a class later. So I went on the day and just before the class started I remembered it and ran there. I forgot I said I'd be home because of the stress. After the class, I went by my friend's place (which is about 5 mins from our apartment) and we all decided to go eat in town and called a cab. I then checked my phone and the flatmate was locked out and I asked him to come and get the keys from my friend's apartment, because we had a cab waiting (I didn't tell him about the cab until later). He got really pissed about having to go all the way to my friend's place. I've known him a while before and we casually hung out but I started to realize he's quite selfish and arrogant, and he was generally a bad flatmate (e.g. not washing dishes/cleaning after him even after pointing it out). Apparently he thought everything was cool and didn't know I thought that way. Am I the asshole?"
634,"AITA for disagreeing with someone based on their feelings? Ok, so story is... I moved in with a couple friends I have known for years, Susan and Jenna. I am blunt, direct and sometimes called a “confrontational” communicator. I am a male and they are both females. Susan says I have issues with talking aggressively and being too confrontational in the way that I speak normally, this is hard for me to understand as I am just trying to communicate myself to the best of my ability, so that the other person can understand me, its hard to “pull back” on how I talk as I tend to think people are being too sensitive about how I'm delivering the message. To quote her, “Its not what I'm saying but HOW I'm saying it”. When Jenna and I get into it I tend to fall back on logic when I'm arguing, I want things to be fair, even if I'm wrong (I'm totally fine with being wrong, a person just has to prove to me with facts that I am wrong before I will agree with them) and she usually has a hard time using logic when defending her reasoning, more often Jenna just wants to feel what she is feeling and she wants me to accept that. Even if logically it makes zero sense and I disagree with her. We have since stopped being friends because of this kind of conflict, Jenna says she doesn't like being around me anymore because according to her “I don't let her feel feelings in her own house”. So my question is am I actually an asshole for having an opinion, disagreeing with her about her logic and not saying its ok to feel a certain way when I don't agree with her reasoning or am I totally within my rights as an individual and a friend by being honest with her because to me that is what a true friend would do?"
635,"AITA for not wanting to live with my best friend/roommate next lease? I've been living with my best friend I met at the start of college for the past year. We always were a duo freshman year, so sophomore year we moved into the same place. I'm pretty sure he expects me to live with him next year as well, but I don't know if I can. I'm a very clean person and he's the complete opposite. What he does: •leaves clothes on our shared bathroom floor for days •forgot to flush poop more times than I can count •pees in the middle of the toilet as loud as possible, my room right next to bathroom •leaves a bunch of our dishes in his room for weeks •rarely, if ever, washes dishes (no dishwasher) if I don't wash them they will be in the sink for weeks, even when I talk to him multiple times about it •never takes out trash •takes hour long showers everyday, fucking our water bill. ""What, I like to be clean"" •leaves empty cans, cups, plates, and trash on the counter •often doesn't clean up spills on counter •leaves his light,lamp, ceiling fan, bathroom light, and bathroom fan on all the time, fucking our water bill •leaves rotten food in the fridge (stuff has leaked on my food before from it) •never cleans the bathroom •even dirties the bathroom right after I clean it, even when I tell him multiple times to please keep it clean •leaves beard hair all over the sink, when I tell him to clean it, he doesn't even do a half assed job, like quarter assed We live with two others that are equally irritated, but they share their own bathroom. But like I said, he's been my best friend since the beginning. although, I was the one who found our place and set everything up(lease signing,meetings,viewing, everything) when he wouldn't even bother to search. He's not malicious, he's just not the sharpest knife in the drawer(more like a spoon) completely oblivious. I don't want any bad blood between us if I tell him I can't live with him, so I want to know if im the asshole or if he is before I decide."
636,"AITA for being pissed my ex-roommate didn't invite me over for his housewarming party? Ok let's start with a little backstory. I'm in college and my roommate I got along pretty well, at least I thought so, and we were/are friends. I don't think were like super close friends but I feel like we were/are friends. So now on to the actual story. For the purposes of this story lets call my roommate John. About a week ago my roommate (John) was kicked completely out of the dorms at my school. John and another friend (lets call him Brian) were involved in a situation that got them kicked off campus, totally unrelated to this story though. So yesterday John and Brian moved into a new place off campus and they invited a bunch of other friends (who I consider friends too) over to help them move in and had a little housewarming party and stuff. I wasn't explicitly invited but I texted John about it and asked him whether I could come and he never replied. He had just texted me less than 5 minutes before... Do they not want me there or do they just not care enough to invite me? Am I the asshole for being pissed about them not inviting me? Was I wrong to assume they would invite me? Should I have just gone with my suitemate who was going even though they did not specifically invite me? EDIT: Update: John and Brian are having a superbowl party tonight. I thought I might just tag along with my suitemate, see their new place, say hi, whatever. Texted my suitemate and he said he couldn't take me because he was going straight there from where he was. He just stopped by to grab some stuff. He was here for 10 minutes and got some stuff and got my other suitemate. I walked in and said hi, asked if they were going to the superbowl party, to which they said yes, then stood there awkwardly and then went back to my room. They just left, now it seems to me the my ex-roommate specifically doesn't want me there. I think i'm just talking the whole thing up in my head and jumping to conclusions but i'm not sure."
637,"AITA for not agreeing on a price for the kitchen of the guy who helped me get a flat? Ok so this one has a lot of factors but I'll try to keep it short. Last year my gf and I decided to move in together, but seeing as we're both university students without much of an income, it was difficult to find a landlord who would agree to have us as tenants. Eventually we got word from a family friend. Her coworker was moving out of his flat and he'd show us around. He is a very nice guy and I think he liked us, too, because he told his brother, who owns the flat, that we seem like nice and responsible people. Here's where it gets tricky. The flat he was moving into already had a kitchen installed, meaning he couldn't take his old one with him, so he asked if we'd buy it off him. It's about two years old and he'd paid 4000€ for it. He told us his price was a negotiable 3000€, which is far too much for us, but we agreed to negotiate a price for it, should his brother let us sign the lease. To our surprise, we actually got the flat. The landlord told us he didn't care if we bought his brother's kitchen or not. When it came to negotiating a price, we could only get it down to 2000€, though. Still too much for us, especially since you can get small kitchens for like 800. We told him we'd buy one ourselves, while he put his on ebay for 2800. We did, in fact, buy a nice kitchen for 800. About 10 days before moving out, I got a text from the guy, saying nobody will buy his kitchen and he'd sell it to us for 1500€. I responded that we'd already bought one, and cancelling the order will cost us a quarter of the retail price as compensation for the store, so 200€. Should we take his kitchen instead, we'd only make a profit if he'd sell it to us for 600. We were, however, feeling a bit sorry for him so we made the offer to buy his for 1000, effectively costing us 1200 because of the compensation. He said he'd think about it. The next day he sent me a text saying his parents think 1000€ is not enough, so they'll buy it themselves and leave it in the flat, letting us use it. In the end, we only had to pay the compensation for the store. While initially I was quite pleased with my negotiating skills (From 3000 down to 200), I was (and am still) not sure if I am the asshole here. Friends and family say it's his fault for being too greedy. They might be biased though, obviously. If it helps my cause, I'd want to add that after living in the flat for a while, it became clear that the kitchen isn't really worth the 4000 he'd paid for it. The appliances are"
638,"AITA For waking someone up whose snoring loudly in public. So I didn't actually do this, more of a theoretical. I'm sitting in a student lounge and one student is snoring obnoxiously loud, it's pretty gross. Would I be an asshole for gently waking them up?"
639,"AITA for comparing my boyfriend to my friend's SOs? I probably am. Here's some back story: Something recently came up where I realized I was really upset by a statement my bf made. It was along the lines of: ""although I do like pleasuring you, it is a bonus. I'm primarily motivated to have intercourse to meet my own needs and self pleasure. It can be mentally stimulating, but generally I can't get turned on by doing so. Foreplay is more or less a chore since I initiate everything, anyway."" So I tried to bring this up the other night, and I know that it probably wasn't the kindest way to put it, I just wanted to be honest because I realized that in a sense, it scarred me. I lead with, ""I didn't realize how much *statement* bothered me until I realized that I'm sometimes more put off and feel less inclined to do anything to pleasure you, I'm sorry."" To which the first words that came out of his mouth are: ""I don't know what you want me to say."" He did at a point claim that there is no guy in the world that thought differently, which I then started to compare him. I explained that the only reason why I'm comparing him with my friends is the fact that I wanted him to understand where I'm coming from, and why it's not ridiculous for me to expect something different because my friends have told me otherwise. I said, ""That's definitely not true, my friends Bob and Nick told me that they actually get physically turned on by being able to please their SO. It exists."" And before he stormed out, he said ""Well shit, I'm so sorry I'm so shitty to you."" I really care about him and honestly don't know how to communicate this in an any more effective or nicer approach, so any tips would be greatly appreciated. Although I know this isn't an advice forum... thanks!"
640,"AITA for getting upset at my friend? So, I don't think I am the asshole in this situation for my actions, I'm just curious if I'm an asshole and getting upset about something dumb, or if this is a legitimate reason to be pissed at someone. I have some mental illness and as a result I have a bit of a victim complex. I hashed this out with my fiancé many times, at first he said its no big deal, now after hearing the same story many times he says he sees why I'm upset. But Id like some fresh perspective. So there's this girl I work with, let's call her Sue. Sue is a friend of mine, we actually hang out outside of work, we talk at great lengths about personal matters. I've known her for years. She has been with her boyfriend for 6-7 years, they lived together at Sue's parents up until about a year ago when they got a place of their own. For a great deal of their relationship, he did not work, just generally a deadbeat. I have been with my partner relatively shorter, we have been together around 2 and a half years. Our relationship was rocky at the start, and had quite a few on-and-off hiccups (again- mental illness). I got the help I needed and completed therapy, he worked through his issues, and things were good for awhile, so this past summer we moved in together. In December he proposed. (Yay!) Now, as excited as I was that he got down on one knee and gave me jewelry, it wasn't really a ""surprise."" We had been talking marriage for the last year, and around the time we moved in together, we began making plans. We wanted something small- either just going away and eloping, or a courthouse ceremony with our family. We (well, I) decided it would be nice to have more family there, so we wanted to put the wedding on the back burner until we have the funds, and I told him I might like a ring. And he got me a ring! Now Sue was very unsupportive of the ""eloping"" idea. She kept insisting it was too soon, and we needed to wait to get to know each other better. And I could see where she was coming from, as in the start of our relationship, I vented to her a great deal about what a jerk he was. But that was years ago, and I think friends should let you vent about being frustrated at your boyfriend and then still be happy for you when you say you're getting married! But I can see where she was coming from, I guess. My family was much more excited about the proposal than they were when I told them ""we're probably going to have a courthouse wedding in a few months."" I think it felt more ""real"" to them. And to be honest it did to me too, for silly reasons I guess, but it did. Sue was not excited for"
641,"AITA for how I acted in this? Hi again! I seem to have a real knack for dog drama. This time, my mom got a puppy. I am a Sophmore, I have my own dog. She gets walks for exercise. One in the morning and one in the afternoon if I can get home before dark. I was against it from the start, and so was my brother. My mom has two toddlers at home, and my stepfather works all day. No one has any time for a puppy. But in the end they did it, and it's their choice. We tried to warn them. So the thing about Leo the Puppy is that we have to take him to pee every three hours, even during night. At first I did it, because my mom and stepdad went on vacation the day after we got Leo. (I was supposed to be paid, but instead I got a screaming match. That's a different story however.) They come back, and now my mom takes over Leo, because my stepdad can't. We're all fine and dandy, I babysit him sometimes, he's cute. Then my mom decides to move his crate to downstairs in the garage. It's easier for her, my stepdad and my brother to get it, but I'm upstairs with my dog (with separation issues), so it's a bit of a trip. Then my mom snaps. Now she starts texting us rapidly while we're in school, going on about how she hates Leo and she can't do it and we need to take a few shifts each (suggesting times such as 9pm, midnight and 3am). I was perfectly okay with a couple shifts, if she moved the crate back upstairs. I could do the 6am shift for her so she could sleep and I could let him out and still eat breakfast. We have a door upstairs to the deck and he can walk down to the place we normally let him out. My mom did not want to move the crate again. She called me selfish, and told me if I didn't do it she'd shut my phone off. I told her again- I can't do the 6am shift if he's downstairs, and still have time to eat breakfast. I don't have much time in the morning- I get up at 5, walk my own dog, and have a quick bite to eat before the bus gets here. If I handle Leo, I can't eat, or my dog can't get exercise. She shut my phone off, calling me an ungrateful brat. In the end, I had to take the shift after school during when I normally walk my own dog, but now I have to let him out with her. I can only walk her for more than ten minutes on the weekends now. Am I the Asshole for not having time?"
642,"AITA in this little coworker situation? For context, I sit in a cube with 4 desks. I have 3 coworkers, Adam, Bob, and Charlie in this cube with me. Yesterday Bob and I were shooting the shit, with Adam jumping in here and there, when suddenly Charlie pops up with ""CAN YOU GUYS KEEP IT DOWN, I CAN'T EVEN HEAR THIS GUY ON THE PHONE."" He was pretty angry, and understandably so - we were definitely being loud, and not even for work stuff; Charlie was actually in the middle of a work call. We shut up right away. Now today, we're all talking about not-necessarily-work-stuff, but the volume starts creeping up. At which point, I throw out ""EVERYONE SHUT UP CHARLIE'S ON THE PHONE."" (He wasn't.) Man, he got PISSED. Called us douchebags and said ""Sorry I actually show up to work, instead of talking about [Bob's and my mutual hobby] all day."" (And yes, we do talk about it a good bit, but not at the expense of getting our work done. More to keep ourselves sane than because we're fucking off.) I let a few minutes passed, then apologized via our IM program, and said, ""Hey, sorry if I touched a nerve. I don't think you were wrong to ask us to shut the hell up yesterday."" To which he replies, ""pretty fucking low to give me shit for trying to work a serious issue yesterday."" I think he's still kinda pissed. But I did apologize, and sincerely. I know I probably *was* an asshole, but am I still? Is there anything else I need to do in terms of offering an olive branch? EDIT/UPDATE: He's still been pissed all day, not reacting to any of my normal banter/jokes with other coworkers, but laughing at theirs and making his own. I mean, not just a week ago I had him and his wife over to my house for dinner. What the fuck. EDIT 2: Since it's come up more than once: our office is not ""professional"" in the conventional definition. We wear business casual, swear frequently, tell off-color jokes, and generally take the piss from anyone and everyone equally. When we do take calls, either we're all aware (it's a fairly small little run of cubes - the sound carries and we usually just yell to each other anyway) and shut our mouths, or someone yells ""PHONE UP!"" EDIT 3: We hugged it out. We're cool now."
643,"AITA for being pissed off at old people on the subway? I want to know if my thoughts are justified or if I'm just being anal I have to get on the first train to make it to work on time. This is also about the time that the elderly start their day. It's nice that they're trying to support themselves (not nice that they have to), but they do shit that makes travelling about as inconvenient as possible. I don't know about other countries, but the rule of standing by the side of the subway doors to let people out is actually written here, and somehow there are always at least a few people, invariably old, who think they're exempt. They'll stand right in the middle of the door to get on asap. Some stand aside when they see people want to get out, but others push their way in. At my stop at the end of the line, and probably others, they'll squeeze at the door and once they open, sprint to the stairs. This is actually okay. They have the right of way (remember we're getting off now), and everyone wants to get out quickly. I have a shuttle bus to catch, and they might have one too. But once they reach the stairs, they slow to a fucking crawl, making a wall of slowness that holds up everyone behind them. I can understand they can't descend as fast as younger people, but don't fucking rush to the front if you're not at least moving at an average pace. You only get a benefit of being in front if you're faster than the guy in front of you. There's this one lady in particular that pisses me off every morning. She's one of those that shoves her way in. She's short and fat and looks at everything like it disgusts her. This kind of fuckface isn't the main thing, but it acts as a multiplier. Once she gets on, she'll rush (waddle quickly) to a seat. That's okay, you're supposed to let the elderly sit anyway. But if there is no seat, she stands in the middle and refuses to hold onto a pole, despite clearly being unable to balance. And she knows this. Every time the train brakes, she stumbles toward the front. So she faces the back and waddles, bumping into people and getting in the way. When the train brakes, she stumbles back the same distance and bumps people again So am I justified in being mad (this has happened every day for the past 3 months) or should I just excuse them because it's shitty they still have to work at their age? In my opinion, that's irrelevant. No matter how bad your day/week/life is, it's not an excuse to be an ass to others"
644,"AITA for being mad at my fiancee that she loaned her sister her car?? Hi all. I'm a noob here so be kind lol. I came home from work one day and my fiancee says ""I let my sister use my car until her car gets shipped to her house. I don't want to hear anything else about it."" Her sisters husband is in the military. They're moving back to New York. Her sister lives in Long Island. We live 3 hours north. Today I was getting my haircut and got a call from my daughter. She's 13 years old. We also have a 2 month old. Basketball practice ended early and she needed to picked up. I was 30 minutes away. We live 5 minutes from the school. My fiancee has 4 sisters total. They all live in Long Island and they all have cars. Her mother who also lives in Long Island has a car as well. Yep.. I'm still pissed about this. I have half a haircut and she doesn't seem to give an ish."
645,"AITA for getting my roommate sick? My roommate and I usually get along really well. We're both caring and considerate. I've been sick with a cold for the last week and it's finally getting better and now he's getting sick and he blames me. I've been careful about washing my hands and coughing into a handkerchief and, basically, doing whatever I can to keep the germs at minimum. I don't think it's fair to place blame in this situation. Edit: I feel so much better after reading your responses. I made him tea and dinner and he felt bad for his reaction. I totally understand, the sickly grumps are real."
646,"AITA for asking friends not to swear in front of my toddler My daughter is two, and I don't want her picking up swear words yet, I don't want her copying them and saying them at nursery. so me and my husband don't swear in front of her. And I ask any friends who are around her a lot not to as well. I try to turn in into a joke, saying ""language!"" If they slip and giving them a fake stern look. But I have a couple of friends who slip quite a lot, and I'm starting to feel like an asshole censoring my friends and a nag. Am I?"
647,"AITA for feeling uncomfortable about telling all of our hotel guests about Religious services at check in? So, I work at a hotel on a resort. Today, it was brought up that we should put a piece of paper about the interdenominational service we offer every Sunday in the register cards that contain guest keys. I don't think it's appropriate to tell every single guest about any religious offerings we have, regardless of the denomination or lack of. I think we should only provide information if it's inquired upon. Am I an asshole?"
648,"AITA for expecting my best friend to accept me, warts and all? My bestie (call her May) and I met when we were young (she was 16, I was 20). We've been friends ever since, staying close (pre-internet!) even when we lived far apart. For the last decade we have lived in the same town and been very close. We'd usually see each other a couple times a week, and we have a group of friends that get together at least once a month. But May has been my best friend my whole adult life. In the past decade, we have both had ups and downs, because shit happens. She went through five years of progressively worse pain that resulted in a hysterectomy. She always wanted babies (we met and bonded when she was babysitting a mutual friend's daughter) and she was obviously crushed by knowing she'd never have her own. Through all of those years of pain and depression, I was always there for her, as a shoulder to cry on, for distraction when she wanted, or just to listen when she had to explode. Once I stayed with her for two days when her husband feared she might self-harm. In the last year, her life has come together nicely; she and her husband bought a house and a new car and they are preparing to adopt a child. I've seen a lot less of her since they bought the house but it's out in the country (I can't drive) so I expected that and haven't complained. Meanwhile, my life has fallen apart. I was diagnosed with a chronic, disabling neurological disease, my marriage disintegrated, I can't work in my field anymore because of my diagnosis, and other life crap. Through all of it, I have relied on May; she's the only friend I've felt comfortable being totally honest with (besides my therapist), not having to wear a social mask and pretend things are better than they really are. I'm not generally a negative person; even with my life getting harder, I still look forward to every day, and I still expect that things will turn around eventually. Last night, May came over for a ""quick visit."" She told me that she has been coming over less because she can't handle being my friend while I am ""so negative"" about life, always focused on what's going wrong. She said that she doesn't have the energy to be there for me when I don't recognize the good things in life and refuse to ""look on the bright side."" This was completely out of left field. I had no idea that sharing my honest feelings and experiences translated to me being ""hopeless"" and ""negative."" So I asked for an example. She referred to a conversation we had about whether I should look for a new medical specialist, in which I listed my problems with the current one and asked her advice. When we initially had the conversation she agreed with me that I should look for a new one. Last night she said"
649,"AITA for wanting reduced rent? So this has been unfolding over a few days, but the bulk of it happened last night. My roommate is an avid redditor so I made a new account... Anyways, recently my roommate (roommate 1) has decided to let her boyfriend and his roommate move into our house. Roommate 1's boyfriend has been living at our house (not paying rent OR UTILITIES) since the beginning of last semester, basically as long as they have been together. Well roommate 1's boyfriend, BF1 and his roommate, Curly, pay rent at a house about five minutes away in a slightly sketchier part of town. Well, apparently their house has been broken into before and they would like to move. *** clarification time*** Roommate 2 and I share a bathroom and each have separate rooms. Roommate 1's dad owns the house and knows roommate 2 and I live here. (He lives across the country) Well, when roommate 2 and I moved in, we were under the impression that we right checks to roommate 1 and she sends the money to her dad. We recently learned that the money roommate 1 receives stays with her and that her ""allowance"" so her dad doesn't have to give her any money. Okay, that's fine. *** end clarification*** We all agreed that it is okay for Curly and BF1 to move in since school ends in May and their lease isn't up until February 27th. So they'll be here for only 2ish months. Fine. Well, roommate 2 and I expected our rent to go down since we will be losing living space upstairs and in the kitchen and living room, etc. Roommate 1 had even said a few things along the lines of lowering rent. Curly and BF1 are splitting rent for the upstairs room (even though BF1 lives in the master BR with roommate1). Roommate 2 and I ask roommate 1 what our rent will be after this month and roommate 1 says it will not change. She said that we ""pay for the room"" when we pay rent every month. Roommate 1s dad does not know that these dudes are moving in here and he specifically told her that no men, especially boyfriends are not allowed to live here. Fine, but roommate 1 will be receiving an extra $500+utilities a month on top of the $300+utilities that she gets from roommate 2 and I. Roommate 1 told us that since we pay by room rent will not go down. She told us that her mother (who is not married to roommate 1's dad) is the property manager, which we had not been aware of until last night. Apparently roommate 1 and her mother have agreed that it is fair for roommate 1 to receive this extra money from the boys living in the house without telling the actual owner of the house. That seems sketchy to me. I asked her to please talk to her mother and let her know that roommate 2 and I are upset about the rent not going down."
650,"AITA for cock-blocking my roommate So last night was kind of crazy. We all got trashed and headed to the bars, and by the end of the night we saw my RA downtown. She's a really cool person so we didn't fear her, we ran up to her and gave her hugs hello. By the end of the night though, my roommate was getting damn close with her and it was pretty obvious she was trying to go back with him. I was shocked to witness such a legend unfold, but my friends started to step in and try to separate them, which I realized was totally a good idea. My roommate and I sell pot on campus and he recently made a hallucinogen pickup, so our room was loaded with tons of drugs. We're safe about all that though, so it's never usually anything to worry about. By the time we made it back to campus after my RA took a cab with us, my friends who had kept the couple separate had to go home, so I had to take more of an active role. We got him away from her and back to my room, but he was being drunk and unreasonable and kept talking about how he wanted ""to win."" He rambled on saying how fucking your RA would achieve ""diplomatic immunity"" as a dealer. I argued that such immunity would only last until they stopped fucking and the RA realizes how her job was on the line, when she would likely throw my roommate under the bus to save herself. And if the room ever got searched after this ""diplomatic immunity"" ended, I would become my roommate's cellmate. For a long time. Fed up with his drunk crap, I saw an opportunity to slap him and took it. I hoped it would either slap some sense into him, sober him up a bit, or make him take a step back and think about the situation from another perspective. I continued to try to reason with him but his mind was made, and I was a dick for cockblocking. Albeit it would be legendary to fuck your RA, am I unreasonable for expecting my roommate should wait till the last week of the semester, rather than possibly throwing away both of our lives? And AITA for trying to bring him back to earth with a slap?"
651,"AITA for telling my bi male friend that we can't talk about men he likes anymore because it makes me uncomfortable due to my principles? There'll be mostly only one other person (aside from OP) in the story so I think ""I"" will always be the pronoun for me, the OP and ""him"" will mostly be about this one other person. I have a bi friend who we call Bifriend came out to me when I came out to him. This was around two years ago or so? We used to be high school buddies, then drifted away, then we got to catch up online and sort of came out to each other. We have a completely disjoint set of friends now. Thing is, I'm the only friend he ever came out to. I live in a country where the culture is just starting to accept same sex relationships. So it's still a bit taboo in a sense. But not too taboo. Just in case he came out to me because he's interested in me, I made it clear that I'm not. Everything I say onwards happened online now, unless stated otherwise. At first, it wasn't yet a burden that he'd exclusively talk to me about guys he likes. It's like 99% of our conversation topics. At first it was fine. But then it gets tiring, since he keeps on sharing of guys I don't know and tells how hot they are. During the first few days, I was fine with it. But then it got old very fast. Especially since we're basically leading different lives now and I'm pretty much disconnected with what he's doing. I told him this and tried to suggest that he tell other friends (friends that he hangs out with personally these days). This is because (a) I'm not too interested in ogling strangers. (b) I think it's healthier to have someone you see on a personal basis to be some kind of support friend for being bi. He holds this belief that he can be happy without coming out to any more people. And I hold this belief that it's always better to at least let your close friends know. So basically, with his principle, I remain the only friend with whom he's out to. Today, I came to the realization that I am in some way enabling him not coming out to any more people because he can always have someone to talk to. This is because he talked to me about this guy he's getting close with and that he wants to know if he's straight or not and if he's interested. And if he is, hopefully he is also someone who wants to keep to the closet. My patience with tolerating this lifestyle grew thin because of the reasons stated above AND because I get stressed thinking that things could be better for him if he came out to other close friends. And so, I told him I'm not comfortable discussing boys with him anymore. He tells me he's not stressed about things."
652,"AITA for wanting my sister to change the shower setting when she gets out? This morning, after 2+ months of morning showers that start out on the jet setting and having to switch it back to the rain, I asked my sister why she uses the jet setting to take a shower. She said she doesn't, she uses the rain to shower but she uses jet at the end, when she turns the temperature to cold to wash her face, because she doesn't want the cold water hitting her whole body. I told her she should start switching it back to rain when she got out of the shower, just to be considerate to the people (two of us,) who use the shower after her. She said why should she, when, hypothetically, if she did use the jet for the entire shower, I never flip it back to jet when I'm done with rain for her. I said that didn't make sense. Number one, majority rules. If two of us use rain and one uses jet, rain should be the default. Number two, she'd just admitted to using the rain, so my flipping it off of jet is actually doing her the favor. She said that's not the point, and that it didn't take very much energy for me to switch it anyway. It doesn't, but it's annoying as hell to reach up and twist the shower head and have the cool water being pushed out go down your arm. I told her I hadn't said anything for awhile, but it was getting old, and I compared it to someone leaving the toilet seat up. It's fine the first few times, but when it keeps happening you're going to bring it up. She maintains that if it was me using the jet setting, I wouldn't change it back either. I maintain that that's irrelevant, because I don't use it. It's a stupid argument, I know, and we were both irritable, but it *is* annoying. AMITA for wanting her to flip it back?"
653,"AITA For wanting to read Donald Trump's book? I don't support Donald Trump's presidential campaign at all and disagree with him on many topics. However, I am big on getting both sides of the arguments. I want to know how he's able to sway so many people and how he got to where he is today, even though I don't particularly like him. I asked my parents if I could pay for it on Amazon and they said no because they don't want to give him money. Also, that they won't let me buy it. They're liberal themselves as well. They said that they're ""open-minded but not so open-minded that their brains fall out"", which is kinda insulting to me personally because they just low key called me unintelligent. I just feel like they say that they're open-minded, yet refuse to let me even read something written by somebody they don't like. I want to read Mein Kampf for the same reason. I want to understand another POV, even though I disagree with it. My step-mom said she doesn't care if I pirate it, but I don't want to. If Trump wrote the book, and I want to read it, I'll buy it."
654,"AITA for not covering for an incompetent coworker. I work as a night shift security guard alone at a construction site. On weekends we have a day shift Guard come, who we must be relieved by and in turn relieve on rotating 12 hour shifts over weekends and holidays. The guy that has been there for the past two months consistently shows up 15-45 minutes late and a couple times has been 2+ hours late. And the only times he was still there when I arrived (usually 15 minutes early like you supposed to be in security), we're the first 3 shifts he worked. Every other time I get a text from him saying ""Keys in the BBQ, have to catch the bus"" and then I need to either hop, or disassemble the fence in order to enter the site because all the entrances are locked. The times he has been on time have all been because someone from the company drove and picked him up at his house and drove him to the site. Mainly myself because I had a lot of shifts that met with his and usually didn't want to have to stick around for an extra hour. Yesterday he said he was going to be late and I covered for him for the first hour when he was giving regular updates as to when he would arrive. And I covered for him because I figured it was an easy extra hour's pay. During these conversations he let slip that this shift was going to be his last. After an hour 45 minutes, I stopped getting updates. I called and texted him, I walked out to the major street to see if he was coming and his phone had died, nothing. He is at most a 20-30 minute walk from the site. And we make enough money that in the past 2 months he could have bought at least a cheap bike to ride to and from work if nothing else. At the 2 hour mark I called our Operations Manager, I informed him of the situation and he told me to stay there for another hour, if he didn't arrive the manager would be there by then to relieve me (this would be pushing a 14 hour shift). When our boss arrived, I showed him the texts and learned that he hadn't heard anything about it being the other guard's last shift. And took photos of the text conversation. I go home, go back yesterday evening, work and come home this morning and go to bed at 6am. I get a series of text messages just before 8 am (two hours into my sleep) from the other Guard cursing me out and saying that I was ""a sheep"" and ""the biggest baby he's ever seen"", while he is ""a wolf who doesn't concern himself with the problems of sheep"". He's acting as if I should have covered for him even though he was late without informing me, he was planning on giving all of 5 days notice when"
655,"AITA for this teen drama This actually happened many years ago but I thought back to it recently and wondered if I was an asshole for what I did. Essentially me and a friend both had a crush on a girl. He came forwards and told me about his feelings for her, being his friend I agreed to try and wingman for him, he had no idea I liked her. We were talking every so often and I was dropping hints and trying to find out how she felt about him. Anyway, the one fateful day at a party I was talking to her and being drunk me after failing for most of the evening to get them together asked her if she had any feelings for him or found him attractive at all. No way apparently, she figured out ages ago that he liked her but didn't want to flat out reject him. Here's where I'm potentially the asshole, a little while later I take my chance figuring that since their situation was now clearly a no no it was ok. Things went pretty well and understandably he was pissed. To be honest I'm pretty sure I'm an asshole here but I would like to know how much of an asshole. As said this happened years ago and I haven't spoken to either of them for at least 2 years so it doesn't matter either way. Thanks for the judgement reddit"
656,"AITA Asking my dad to smoke outside HIS house when it's effecting me So I recently moved in with my dad and he has been great is nearly every way including letting me live there rent free because i'm in college full time and not really able to work much atm. The only problem with this move is that he is a heavy cigarette smoker. It hurts my throat after a while and it leaves a bad smell on all my clothes. He smokes one after another without even noticing and does it in the places where I would go like the kitchen. I told him that it's making my throat sore and cough but he continues to do it in the kitchen. I try and stay away from him when he does it but the smoke billows through the house and I asked him to not smoke in the kitchen and to do it outside or in his room and he just ignored me when I asked at first but now he gets bitchy when I ask him and whenever I cough. The other day I snapped and said ""I know this is your house and everything but your smoking is pissing me off because my throat is constantly sore from it and we eat and clean clothes in the kitchen. Is it that difficult to just stand at the door and smoke out there? I had to make changes and compromise when I moved in here why can't you do this one thing?"" It didn't really go into an argument because he's so easy-going but I feel like an asshole for escalating it to that point, at the same time I think he's an asshole for just ignoring me. Any advice/judgments?"
657,"AITA for getting pissed about my SO's speeding? Hoo boy, this is gonna take some explanation. My partner (m/21) 'Allan' and I (m/27) have been in a relationship for the better part of two years now. He's recently (in the past year) gotten his license, and is now on his Green Provisional (Where we live you have Learner license, Red Provisional and Green Provisional and then your full license). Previously, I've called him out for creeping up over the speed limit when I'm in the car, to which he responds by slowing down, but protests or attempts to excuse it, each time. I used to think that was just his insecurities about someone chastising his actions (he's got middle child syndrome bad, and it's exacerbated by the fact that his family don't actually relate to him except to tell him when he's done something 'wrong'), and we're working on that. He's also admitted to speeding ('But not by much!') when he is driving late at night. We've argued about this previously, and he knows I am very wary of bad driving habits (the city we live in has demonstrably the worst drivers in the country, with a young adult motor vehicle mortality rate that is nauseatingly high - one of our local politicians actually likened it to a meatgrinder). Every time, I've gotten so angry with his casual attitude and responses that I've had to tell him to drop the subject. And so, today has been... Challenging. Our university is doing a cross discipline theory unit, our lecturer doesn't know the material, so he and I are both frustrated by that. Furthermore, we have to do a group project which essentially doubles both of our study workloads. On top of that, Allan has been stressing over his personal assignment for this trimester, and is in a position of not really having any inspiration/a non workable concept that he's struggling to turn into a viable project. He's been sleeping badly, and has contacted his lecturers and tutors but then failed to follow up with a meeting or communicate effectively with them about his problems. So he's irritable and anxious, which he then inflicts on me, to which I respond by calling out his behaviour. I apologise for snapping at him, he apologises and acknowledges his behaviour, we move on. But today has been one incident after another, which has left both of us rather irritated. When I returned home, he'd messaged me to tell me he'd gotten a speeding fine for being 7km/h over the speed limit (want to mention, being under/over speed limit by 5 km/h here is an offense). It's dated from Valentines Day, near my suburb, where he'd gone from work to a local supermarket to pick up desert, and then sped to my house. He has no points left on his Provisional license, and it's a $100 fine. I'm happy to help him pay it off, but it's just the perfect end to an overly shitty day. I said I'd help him pay off the fine, and his response"
658,"AITA for telling the truth? I am currently in this group project with a couple of people and today, we were deciding on who is going to get how much credit for their work. This is when things start to get heated. While we all agreed that the team leader and his brother should get the most and least amount of cr And so today, after seeing how he was on his phone again and not paying attention while we were racking our brains on this hard assignment, I decided that it was the last straw for me and called him out on it. I listed out all the things that he has been doing such as the lack of focus, the lack of quality contributions and so on (all of which we know are true). But of course, he felt shocked and was genuinely surprised by why am I ""low-balling"" his contributions when in fact, us remaining three made up of most of the contribution in the team. Apparently, I upset and offended him for telling him something that were all on our minds, even though we should have told him from the very beginning. To his cr I honestly think that my teammates are being too nice to him. They still believe that he can improve even though he has not done a single thing to prove his worth. This is going to affect our productivity in the future if this kept going. As far as I'm concerned, we are overcrediting him if he keeps being this way and the project is soon to be finalized. So... with all that said, am I the asshole for addressing the elephant in the room and speaking the truth?"
659,Aita for receiving my freinds sisters nudes Today my freind's sister told me that she would send me nudes. Ive been freinds with him for 3 years now. I told his sister that I would like to recieve them as long as he doesnt know and she agreed. I figured since he's leaving soon it wouldnt matter and she's leaving as well except to a different place that is closer. She says that she isnt going to send them until she leaves to be sure she isnt there should I ever betray her. Which I wont because I would never have nor ever will do that to anyone. She isnt leaving until after him. AITA?
660,"AITA for having a car towed? Context: I live in a high rise building (about 250 units) towards the center of a big city. The building has deeded parking, spots run from 25K-30K. The garage is usually full and there are no visitor spots. I own one deeded spot. This evening I got home from work to find a late-model BMW in my parking spot. I let the door man know and we had the car towed. I checked back three hours after the car was towed and he still hadn't heard of anyone looking for it. Am I in the wrong for having him towed?"
661,"AITA for wanting the master bedroom? Hi Reddit, a little over a year ago, I moved into an apartment with two friends (the two friends lived there for about a year before I came in). The apartment has two regular bedrooms and one master bedroom that's much bigger, so whoever lives there pays a larger share of rent for it. We're in the process of finding a new roommate, and my other roommate really wants the room. The problem is, he's currently a month and a half behind on rent as it is, and has no real steady income. At the moment he's an adjunct professor making barely enough to get by on the few classes he teaches (and has no work come summertime), meanwhile I have a pretty steady and larger flow of income. I think I should take the more expensive room in our apartment because of this, but he wants it and is angry that I'm even bringing up the idea of taking it. When one of us is late on rent, it looks bad on everyone, and although he says he'll be caught up on rent by next week, I just don't think his financial situation is good enough for him to be able to handle the extra money that'll come with that room. I should also mention that I'm the one carrying the burden of scheduling viewings of the apartment and taking pics/making posts on rental sites. He has done nothing. Reddit, AITA?"
662,"AITA for stopping in the middle of a ""make out session"" with my girlfriend? So this is most likely going to sound extremely stupid but here we go. I've been dating this girl for around six months and I love her. She loves me and it's a pretty good relationship. She is a pretty big Justin Bieber fan as well (irrelevant? not so much) But yesterday we were in my car after a movie and things were getting heated up. And randomly, right in the middle of us kissing she says ""I wish you were Justin Bieber.."" I was weirded out by the both the randomness of the comment as well as the fact that she wasn't thinking about me while we were making out so I stopped. She tried to resume kissing but I told her I wasn't in the mood anymore. I'm still kind of annoyed and weirded out that she wishes I was someone else. Maybe I'm overreacting but it definitely did turn me off immediately. Wtf was she thinking when she told me that? Anyways I'm interested to receive any outside perspective, thanks."
663,"AITA for being angry with a roommate that has refused to clean the bathroom and doesn't buy toilet paper or cleaning supplies? Let's get some context: We have a 3 bedroom apartment, and we rent the master bedroom out to a roommate. When he moved in, he agreed that he would help to clean the place; said it would be no problem. The master bedroom he lives in has a bathroom. I consider it a half-bathroom and only worth the toilet, sink and storage - BUT it's technically a full bathroom with a stupid shower you can't stand up in. We told him it was cool if he used the common bathroom to shower as long as he helped clean the bathroom, and he agreed. The day he moved in, he insisted that he can't use the toilet in that bathroom either (it's an old building built in the 30s so it *is* awkward). We said that we could all share the common area bathroom as long as he helped out with the responsibilities. MONTHS LATER, ~~he hasn't cleaned anything~~ *edit: in the first 6-7 months he lived with us, he only cleaned the bathroom maybe twice. He himself admits it was ""maybe a few times"".* I clean my bathroom weekly, so we typically cleaned it about 24 times in that timeframe. We'd ask him to clean the bathroom, and then he'd leave the apartment and say he isn't home and can't clean - and he'd never clean it even after he got back. He hasn't helped buy toilet paper. He hasn't bought cleaning supplies. He hasn't taken the trash out. Nothing. We had a discussion about it and talking to him about this frustrated us to the point that he was told to just not worry about it we will deal with it ourselves. For the last few months he has lived here, not coming out of his room, not talking to us, not buying toilet paper or cleaning supplies or anything, and not helping to clean the bathroom. But he keep using it, and he's been in that bathroom while we had to get ready for work. I understand not using the shower in his bathroom, because you have to sit to use it and use a shower head on a hose - it's not great but other roommates have preferred to do that instead of share a bathroom. However, he uses the common bathroom for EVERYTHING- toilet, shower, etc. If he uses his private bathroom it's basically for the sink and for storage. He even leaves all of his shower stuff in the common bathroom even though he has his own bathroom. Now, he is upset at having to pay so much money in utilities, and he wanted to split it differently. So when he brought up the money he think he shouldn't have to pay, I brought up the fact that WE pay for the toilet paper he has used for 8 months, the fact that we buy cleaning supplies AND clean even though he doesn't, the fact"
664,AITA running with no headphones and playing music out of my phone AITA for running with music playing out of my speakerphone? I rarely even pass people on my route. It's safer for me than earbuds because I can hear my surroundings. I never blare music from my phone under any other circumstances.
665,AITA for thinking of asking my friends who encouraged me to rent a car for trip even after knowing I am not that experienced at driving to split the cost of damages after ramming the car? i ask this as the cost is too much (Rs.13500). I was of the opinion that If the cost is less than 5k then I would have paid it by myself . Out of us three guys I had the license but a novice and the other one forgot to get it on trip but very good at driving. But I had to drive as there are lot of checkposts in Goa and there was high possibily of getting jailed if found driving without license. So what should I do?Should I ask them to split?50% paid by me and the rest by them?
666,"AITA for not wanting to sell our current gaming console, that is currently split between everyone living in my house. Hi there! There's currently an ongoing dispute in our house as to whether we should sell our gaming console. Around a year ago, me and three other housemates split the cost of the xbox one four ways. Now two of the housemates have PC's and no longer use the Xbox, and are now wanting to sell it, however the other two housemates still use the Xbox regularly. The housemates who want to sell the Xbox feel they should be able to cash their ""Share"", this means selling the Xbox entirely, gaining each of us around £50, however this means the two who don't want to sell have to spend an additional £50 continue owning the gaming console, and they feel as if it's unfair to pay the extra money. The two housemates who don't want to sell feel it is fairer to sell it at the end of the year when we all move out, and then split the money as there is then no demand from anyone to use it."
667,"AITA for suggesting my brother's gf's cat should go to the vet? Gonna keep this short and sweet since this all sparked up some other bullshit drama that I don't want to bore you guys with. My girlfriend worked in a vet for a few years and about a year ago lost one of her cats to a bladder issue (I think a tumor that caused a blockage). She noted the my brothers gfs cat, igor, is showing similar symptoms. Now this is not in any way my cat. The only connection I have to this animal (besides my overall love of animals) is that it is over at my house 4 days a week. It was showing signs of not doing well (firm, large belly, random stains appearing through out the house, pissing what smelt like pure ammonia, hiding more than it used to) and I was telling my brother all this and suggested it should go in for a check up because it could have an issue with its bladder. Even provided evidence and explanations as to why my gf and I think this. My brother and his gf think everything is fine because he seems okay for a few hours in the morning and were straight up against the idea (even though he already had to go in for updates on shots) and when I was persistent (I kept it calm and civil)...well it just turned into a shit show that is for another post. Also to note, if I thought my girlfriend was wrong and being paranoid, I would have told her so. TL:DR AITA for suggesting someone else take their cat in for a check up"
668,"AITA For telling my close friends what comes to mind and trying to never lie to them? So this is more of a hypothetical question because I don't have an issue now, but it happens every so often. Sometimes when my friends and I are out drinking or just chilling at home or whatever, they'll be telling me something about their personal lives. Most of the time I get the idea they just want an echo chamber, but I'm nobody's echo chamber. If you want to bitch about something, that's fine, but I'll try figure out a plan to help you. I take this type of thing rather seriously because I see it as a challenge that I can solve. So I'll ask a few questions, things I can't just assume. Usually this will turn into an argument because they don't agree with how I see the situation. When I argue with someone, I see it as something I can win. I can take being wrong, because I learn something about it, but I don't like being wrong. So I'll argue for a long time until I see no other way that I can convince them I'm right. My best friend has said that I have certain ""moments"" where my sort of cynical or apathetic side comes out and I say things that hurt him. These things usually come out during an argument with someone and the fact that I don't say sorry, and don't really understand why I should say sorry makes the situation worse. I don't know why I don't get it, but sometimes I just don't. I can't see why it would offend someone, because I generally take insults very well and when people speak their mind I don't think it's mean unless it's really bad. So when this happens, am I the asshole? I'm starting to think I am, but I need a more objective view on it."
669,"AITA for telling my classmate that it is their own responsibility to find out what homework is assigned when they don't come to class? I am a college student in night school. For the duration of this quarter, whenever we're given assignments, I have been posting them and creating formatted documents in a shared group folder for my ""small group"" to do our homework in on Google Drive. Each time we get homework, I put it up, and the group members receive invitations to One of my small group partners has been missing a ton of class and has a history of not contributing to smaller group assignments. When our last small group assignment was given, he was not in class. I posted the homework up and did my part. I didn't put his name on the final draft, after consulting my instructor, because he made no contribution. I sent him an email letting him know that I was unable to turn in any work from him, and if he was going to be missing class, he should check in with one of our group or the teacher so he could get his assignments. I received an email back saying that he understood, but the problem was no one sent him the homework assignment with enough time to do much, and that he didn't know there was a group folder. I replied back that the homework had been posted and that I had sent him an invite to I told him that ultimately, my experience when it comes to assignments and lectures-- is that if I am the one who is not coming to class-- it is under my authority to find out from my teachers or classmates what I missed and when it is due. I don't expect other students to find me and communicate my responsibilities to me when I miss class. So why is he acting like it's my fault that he didn't handle his business after his absence? AITA here? I hope not."
670,"AITA for Lashing Out on Bipolar Friend I had been friends with this guy for four years and so far he never showed any signs of bipolar disorder until last year when he was sent to a hospital after a meltdown. After that, I've tried being sympathetic to him and helped him even when he was ignoring everyone, but then finally I had it when he became delusional thinking he was going to be a famous rapper/korean singer in two days. The videos he made so far were so poorly made and his raps didn't even flow, so I tried reasoning with him - to no avail. After the two days were over, he was delusional and believed that he got so many youtube views and followers, and that he was ""too good"" for everyone, and his whole social media was filled with shitposts. He was going to quit school as well because of his ""success,"" and then I finally lashed out at him and told him to ""wake the fuck up."" A day later, he was sent to the hospital for another meltdown. I feel like that was my fault, but he needs help. So, am I the asshole here?"
671,"AITA for hating it when people hold doors open for me? When I walk into or out of a building, particularly on campus, people often hold the door open for me. Usually it doesn't bother me, but I hate it when they open it too early, when I'm still a good distance from the door. Then I feel pressured to hurry up and walk through so they don't have to stand there waiting for me. And then I feel like I should thank them for holding the door for me, but I don't want to because I never wanted them to do that in the first place, and no one is better off for it; it would have been absolutely no trouble at all for me to open it myself. And what's the rule for thanking people when they hold two doors open for you in quick succession, like when you're going through a vestibule (entryway)? Do I say ""thank you"" both times? Instead of thanking them, I want to tell them that it's unnecessary, and there's no need to do that for me in the future, but it's no use. They'll never learn because it's a different person every time. I sometimes hear people behind me thanking me when I'm just walking through, not intentionally holding the door for them, and they just happen to be close enough behind me that the door doesn't have time to close before they get to it. I want to tell them, ""No, no; I was just walking through this door because I need to get into the building. I wasn't holding it for you and there's no need to thank me."" But again it would be useless because I would have to say that over and over to every new person that thanks me for walking through a doorway. Maybe I can teach the world to stop holding doors open for me by giving it a taste of its own medicine. Should I start opening doors for people WAY too early to try to make them hurry through and feel awkward like I do? Then they'll know how I feel, and maybe the idea will spread that it's never a nice thing to do, unless someone is on crutches, or in a wheelchair, or carrying something that makes it a little more troublesome to open the door themselves. So I guess this post really boils down to two questions: AITA for hating it when people hold doors open for me, and AITA for not wanting to thank them for it and not wanting to be thanked when I do it by accident?"
672,"AITA For Taking A Nap? I am visiting my parents. I was only supposed to be here for a few days, but both my mom and dad are sick enough to need some help and I didn't want to leave them alone. There was a bit of an argument on Monday (over something my sister did that I got caught in the cross hairs of). My mother begged me to come back and I decided to because if she needs me I am going to be here. My sister could help. She lives a lot closer (a half and hour away), but isn't, despite the fact my parent do everything for her. But that is a different story for a different day. Anyways, my mom doesn't let me help out a lot. I made dinner one night, she insisted on making dinner yesterday, and we ordered out today (I would have been happy to cook). I have my two young kids with me. They are 3 years old and almost 2 years old. My parents want the kids here because they miss them when we are gone (I live two hours away). My dad has stayed away because he doesn't want to pass them his germs and my mom insists she is better. I am sick myself. I came down here for a doctor's appointment and my issue was not resolved. I also now have the flu my parents have. That said, I try to help out as much as I can. My husband will be helping too, when he comes down tomorrow after work. Today, my mom takes the kids in the yard to play. I told her I wished she had run that by me before getting them excited because I had no ability to chase them around outside (you can't exactly run when you have the runs) and she says its no problem and takes them out for a half an hour with my grandma (who lives next door). When she came in I must have had a fever. I was shaking under a blanket, but I was trying to hold it together. My mom put a blanket over me and told me to put my head down for a bit. I didn't even go into my room. I was on the couch in case she needed me. The kids jumped on me and such, but I heard my mom tell them to leave me alone. I finally wake up and she is mad because I was out for about 3 hours! I didn't know it had been that long. I was feverish, a bit delirious, and hadn't eaten all day. I would have gotten up and helped if she had just woken me up. I feel guilty, but it wasn't on purpose. I was just so exhausted. I would have fought sleep more if I knew it was a problem. Sorry for the rant. I am on heavy medication as I pulled all the muscles in my chest and lots in my back. tl;dr: I feel accidentally sleep"
673,"AITA for yelling at a kid who kicked my head? Ok, so this kid has ADD, dyslexia, ADHD. So he's very hyperactive. It's difficult for him to control himself. At our school we have a lounge area for seniors and I was sitting in a beanbag when he gently kicked my head through the beanbag itself. I didn't say anything because I figured he would stop. Then he pretty much punted my head and I stood up and started cursing at him. I called him retarded and told him to fuck off. He sulked out of the room and I felt pretty bad about it. But it also really hurt. AITA"
674,"AITA for cockblocking my friend from the girl I was hitting on? So I was at this party and there was this girl that I kinda liked, she and I were hitting it off pretty well. At some point during the party I see a friend of mine talking to her and suggestively touching her (like her waist etc.), so when someone joined their conversation I joined too. And she (the girl we both were trying to get with) stopped paying attention to him and started talking to me and rather staying closer to me. Even when it was only us three left talking (me, my friend and the girl) I wouldn't leave, until my friend did. I pretty much cockblocked him and later during the night, when both my friend and I had quite some drinks, he asked me if I got with her etc. I've felt quite shitty about this the whole day though, AITA?"
675,"AITA for joking about eastern europeans? My friend said that Putin seems violent and dishonest and I said you could of just said he seems like your typical Eastern European and he got offended.I dont see why though, eastern europeans are rude"
676,"AITA for suggesting therapy for my parents and being angry at their reaction? I'm in my late 20's, they're pushing 50. I grew up in a constant state of near poverty (or straight up poverty depending on the year) and only got things together a few years after I moved out. My older sister and I are doing alright (older sister is actually doing exceedingly well) but my parents are still straddling that thin line with my younger sister (13) still living with them. They're in and out of jobs all the time, either because they made bad choices or they antagonized someone, or some damned thing, and they've never been able to progress far enough in their career to the point that they could make a decent living. They both recently lost their jobs again and now they're in danger of losing the house they were renting (that its self is infested with rats) and possibly losing custody of my little sister (who would likely just live with my older sister but that's not the point). While they are now making progress toward new jobs they're hardly looking for anything much better than what they already had and they're still showing signs of the behavior that cost them their past jobs. Recently things came to a head when my older sister confronted them with basically the standard ""Be an adult and quit screwing around"" speech that most parent are meant to give to unruly children and I don't think that helped much, so I talked to them afterward and suggested they see a psychiatrist and look into therapy because a lot of what they're doing is disturbingly reminiscent of PTSD. While my dad was receptive to the idea my mom took the opportunity to ""take a walk"" and effectively shut down for the rest of the day and wallow. We let her go then thinking she just needed to blow off some steam but went looking for her after some time. We found her mumbling something about not being worth the effort and that I should have just left well enough alone. I didn't say anything then and just tried to comfort her enough to go back home but frankly I was pissed that this was her reaction. It was immature and totally unhelpful, but at the same time I feel guilty for thinking that because this perfectly illustrates that there's a problem with her."
677,"AITA for lying about my birthday at work? So I started a new job in a new state recently and as part of my office's camaraderie-building we all had to sign a sheet listing off our addresses, phone numbers, birthdays, etc. Now, I've always hated birthdays. In my experience they're always an excuse for other people to party for themselves, get free cake, and make a big deal about who/how many people are going. Unless it's close family it never seems to actually be about you. I put off signing this sheet for a really long time and, not knowing what to do when the time came, I just put down a fake birthday and figured I'd make a joke about it near when it rolls around. I didn't want to have to explain to a bunch of people I just met why I don't like birthdays and make a big deal out of things. All's fine and dandy until later that day I jokingly tell another coworker about it and she got really serious, saying I should feel terrible about the decision given that a bunch of people are going to be expecting a birthday on xx/xx/2017 when they see the sheet and they're going to bring in cake for nothing. She closed the conversation with a ""well let's hope you're still working here next year"" and I couldn't really tell whether or not that was supposed to be a joke. I can kind of see her point but I really don't see a non-awkward way out of this and I don't like the comment she made at the end. Is she the asshole? Is it me? Is this all pointless? You decide!"
678,AITA for Instagram DMing this guy? My friend sent me screenshots of an ok friend of hers asking for nudes. I asked her if it would be ok if I Instagram DMed the guy messing with him for asking for nudes. She agreed and I went off and created a fake account to fuck with him. When the conversation began between him and I things started to heat up quickly. Of course he asked for my true identity and I simply told him that if he did it again there would be a real problem. He set a time and a place for the fight to happen. Instead of further escalating the situation I decided to ignore his last message. So AITA for causing needless bullshit?
679,"AITA for ""disrespecting"" my opponent in Super Smash Brothers? First off, an explanation for the quotations around disrespect. The sort of official meaning for disrespect within the smash community is beating somebody while they're already down. For example, someone is knocked off the stage but can't get back on, but then the opponent jumps off and hits them further, basically overkill. However, the meaning of the word has widened significantly over time. Now for the actual story. I was in a smash tournament, which I won in the end. I actually played the guy who I ""disrespected"" earlier on as-well as in the finals. I knocked him into losers bracket and he got really angry and had to step out for a while. No big, this happens all the time in venues. People get really into the game. After a while we hit the finals and he has won in the losers bracket. I didn't drop a single game up until that point when he beat me. In smash brothers tournaments, we play a set with best out of X amount of games against each person. Think Tennis in a sense. We were doing Bo3 matches throughout including in GF (although many do Bo5 for finals matches). He beat me in the first finals game of the set. Then in the second game he starts out at a lead but I gimp (use a weak move to stop the opponent from coming back to the stage) him which lead to me gaining traction and winning that game. So now we are at 1-1. At this point he was already getting angry and I was getting annoyed at him for getting so angry at a game. In the third game, he starts off strong but I take a stock (life) off of him and he can't seem to figure my strategy out. He's playing as Cloud from Final Fantasy 7. Cloud has a special move that is essentially a charge meter you can actively charge. Once charged all the way, your stats are boosted for a while until you use another special move. In Smash Bros tournaments, if there is a time-out where the clock hits 0:00,then the person with more stocks wins the game. I noticed that I could run down the clock or take another stock from him to close out the game, set, and tournament, but I decided to ""disrespect"" him. instead of trying to come after me, he kept charging his charge meter so I started using taunts(little animations that mostly don't deal damage) to pass the time since I didn't need to go after him and also to, literally, taunt him towards attacking me. My opponent didn't want any of that and became verbal in his opinion of my taunts. He called it disrespect even though we were both in the neutral state of game (neither side has a clear positional advantage) and proceeded to quit instead of attack me. I taunted him three times before he quit which led to a very lackluster victory. I didn't see"
680,"AITA for not wanting to do long distance for five years? My boyfriend and I have been together for a little over 9 months now. We both plan on entering university this year, and there is a big chance of us having to do long distance during our bachelors. I want to pursue dentistry (a five year bachelors plus masters course) because it'll give us a cushy income and I wouldn't have to work as much as a doctor, giving me time to focus on my family. He wants to pursue a mechanical engineering degree (3 years bachelors) and then would like to do a masters (additional 2 years). The reason we might have to do long distance is because dentistry in the city we live in is very, very difficult to get in, compared to other nearby cities. I simply do not have the grades to make it in here. He says must stay here, because he can't afford to pay for his mom's rent, as well as his own if he lives somewhere else. I understand this. While I'm still part of the lower class, his family has an even lower financial status than mine. His dad sends him money every month for their rent, even though his parents are divorced. His mom lives off of this money, as well as the government. She only works 8 hours a week because she goes to mandatory language school, and already has quit one job because the hours were too long. She has had rheumatoid arthritis for ten years. She quit another job, where she would work for 18 hours, because she didn't like her coworkers and the job didn't fit in her time schedule. You see, even with her working 18 hours, her son could have pursued an education anywhere else (not necessarily with me, of course, but to places with a better program). His mom has to go to school for around a year, and by law is required to then pursue another job so that she wouldn't have to live off of the government forever. That means in around a year, she MUST find a better paying job to support herself, first of all, and then her son. If she doesn't, she has to pay a hefty fine. I get that we have to do long distance for his bachelors. But, after a hypothetical four years of being together, I'd trust that he would want to move out of his mom's house and move in with me. He could find a job, or he could work, whatever floats his boat. If he were to pursue a master's, his mom would HAVE to earn more (by the law) and could support him even better than she can now. To be honest, my boyfriend could go pursue his bachelors somewhere else already. His mother just refuses to find another job, even though he's tried to talk to her about their finances. They can barely pay their bills, but his mom has been saying that she's going to pass away soon for"
681,"AITA for not wanting a friendship with my best friend due to her being so close with my ex? My ex and I had a extremely messy on and off, toxic relationship that brought out the worst in both of us. We are currently going no contact, and both wanting to move on. I especially have had issues with coping with our breakup, and dealing with this in a healthy way. I am trying really hard to move forward and learn from stupid mistakes I have made. My best friend, however, keeps bringing up and talking to my ex. During the time we were dating they became really close friends. This would typically be fine, except it is really affecting me. For example, last night she posted a picture of us on instagram before going out to a party. She messaged me the next morning saying ""[Ex] liked my picture! He would of seen you looking super hot."" I know she is just trying to make me feel better, but consistent comments like these are making it really difficult for me. I have talked to her about this several times, and have even said I don't know if I can continue a friendship with her while she remains so close to him, and is always bringing him up. It is very difficult to trust that she is not saying cruel things to him about me because she thinks it is what he wants to hear. I understand that it must be difficult for her to remain close with the both of us, but I just feel like in this circumstance, especially due to the extremely messy nature of our breakup, it is just not possible. From her perspective, I know she is trying to do the right thing by both of us, and is currently going through a tough breakup herself. AITA for wanting to cut contact and abandoning her when technically she has done nothing wrong?"
682,"AITA for funneling troops to defend a city state from my friend (Civ 5)? This feels more like an /r/civ topic, but it probably goes against like 10 rules there. Anyway, I was playing Civ 5 with 5 friends. I was on a continent with 2 friends, 2 were together, 1 was by himself. I started exploring and found my friend Jim as India down on a decent-sized island away from me. He was complaining about going to war with a city state. He's kinda new, so he was just sending in like 5 elephants (not the best way of doing it, but would work). I felt kinda bad watching the city state about to get pummeled, so I thought ""hey, it'd be funny if I gifted a troop to them."" Gifting a unit instantly sends them across the map to that city state. I sent over an archer, and Jim had to retreat. Later on he tried a couple more times to attack the city state, and I sent troops over there again. After a certain point I thought it'd be funny to reveal my prank, so I said something like ""Man, that city state has a lot of firepower."" ""Yeah, it's bullshit!"" ""Jee wiz. It's almost like they have a mysterious benefactor gifting them troops."" ""..."" Then I came clean and told them I'd been sending troops. My friends call me an asshole a few times. The city state wasn't going to murder Jim, or anything, so I wasn't doing it out of malice, but I felt kinda bad and apologized. Jim goes quiet for like 30 turns, and suddenly I see the ""Jim has declared war on Packrat1010."" I'm sitting there like, ""Cmon, I'm an era ahead of you, don't go to war with me."" He says, ""It's already on! This'll teach you to send troops to a guy I'm fighting."" Basically, for anyone who hasn't played Civ, being an era apart is kind of a big deal competitively. I have more production, can get units out faster, and have better units. So I'm like, ""Alright, I guess."" I start pumping out galleass's (basically a medieval ship that can fire cannons on land) like it's nothing. I get 6-7 up and running in a few turns, then I start sending them to his city. On the way there, I see the boats transporting a bunch of his elephants towards me, and I just mow down the living shit out of them. Now, Jim is a little easy to upset, so I PM'd a friend of mine at the start of the war that I was willing to accept a surrender whenever he sent it. That being said, I get to his city and just start bombing it. He fires back and sinks one of my ships, but I just keep going. I feel kind of good about downing his massive army that he was waving around, so I finally whittle down his city and take it. I'm thinking, ""Alright, I spanked him good, lemme send a peace treaty to"
683,"AITA for leaving my girlfriend at my house? So for general context, I live in a house with two roommates. It's fairly small, and the walls are pretty standard student housing fare (thin with little to no insulation, leading to almost any amount of noise carrying through the whole house). A few weeks ago, my roommates complained that my computer was too loud at night (completely reasonable complaint on their part, I thought I had it quiet enough but misjudged how shitty the insulation was), so I responded by apologizing and started carefully policing the volume after they went to bed, and keeping it at the level I thought it originally had to be at earlier to keep it a reasonable volume. This only really came about because I'm a total night owl (usually going to bed around 11:30-12:00), whereas my roommates both go to bed around 10:00 on a regular night. A couple of the nights that my volume was too loud, my girlfriend was staying over, so the roommates now associate her with the loud volume, which in my opinion is unfair to her, considering that my habits are the same whether she's home or not, and I honestly try even harder to keep things quiet when she's around because I recognize the burden that having an extra person around can be, especially in a small place. As for the specific situation that most recently occurred, this morning I had to leave my girlfriend at home while I went to school, because she is too sick to be attending classes (she currently can't talk without extreme pain, and is basically living off of throat lozenges and cough syrup). Obviously leaving her alone isn't normal or ideal, but I wasn't about to ask her to leave the house, considering if I were in her place I would be sending myself to a clinic to get checked out (she's the ""I'll just suffer until my body beats it"" type). Before class, one of the roommates sent me a text complaining that my girlfriend was home, and said that she's ""overstaying her welcome"". I responded by explaining that she was sick, and the roommate responded that ""this situation is fine, but you need to respect the house more"" I know I've been an asshole in the past (the noise situation), but in my opinion I deserve some respect as well and the roommates have been unfairly putting the burden on me. All three of us deserve to have a degree of comfort in the house, and to me I feel that they take their comfort at my expense just as often as the other way around, without acknowledging our differing lifestyles and differing needs. I don't really care whether the roommates are assholes or not (either way I'm stuck with them for another couple of months due to my lease), but I don't think I'm an asshole. Am I one?"
684,"AITA for not being comfortable with my roommate's guest staying in our dorm room when neither of us are there? Basically, my roommate (we share a dorm room together) invited a friend of his over to our dorm room for her spring break, which amounts to 7 days. (He did this without asking me first - basically just told me by giving me a heads up, which I was a little peeved by, but whatever.) The issue is what happens when he leaves for class (we don't have spring break this week, only she does). I also have class obviously, so that leaves his guest in our room alone, with no key. I mentioned this potential issue to my roommate before she arrived, and he seemed unconcerned, saying she'd most likely go to a library or something when he needed to leave for class. So this morning he left for class, and she decided to sleep in. An hour or so after my roommate left, I had to leave for class, so basically someone I've known for less than 24 hours is in my room with no supervision. Rationally I don't think anything bad will happen, but I can't help feel uncomfortable with the situation, and isn't it common etiquette to not leave your guest in your apartment / dorm room without also being present?"
685,"AITA for needing time to recover? Okay, the current agreement that stands (since I started living here) is that I pay no extra money for living here (rent wise) like, I still pay for shared groceries around the $150 - $200 mark and help in other ways (elec bill etc..) when requested. It is myself, SO, and SO's Mother living here. I've always been tedious and on the ball with tidying up, making sure the place is clean everyday since I started being here. I even started organizing cupboards and closets for her, which she loved and thanked me a lot for. It is because she works and has practically no time to clean for herself. Two days ago I lost a rather large portion of tooth. I am not sure what happened, is happening or why/ how. I can't afford a dentist at this current time. It has been hurting to the point of it not stopping pulsating and has sort of, become a constant dull headache. I really feel that this is as debilitating as it gets for me, due to me usually being pretty swift with keeping things clean since day z. I have been told I must start paying now, to the tune of roughly around $100/ wk. (Would barely be able to manage) (I should also mention my SO has no control over the situation as this was OUR (SO's and I) agreement) Sidenote, I am studying full time at the moment, and have no license as I've never applied for one or gone through that process before. I tried explaining the situation, to no avail. I just need time to find out what is wrong and to treat it if I can. AITA?"
686,"AITA for not going to a Bernie rally with my friend See, he wants to go to a Bernie Sanders rally tomorrow at 5pm. I don't get off work until 2:30. The rally is in San Diego, I live in Los Angeles, over 120 miles away. I won't get there on time if there is any traffic whatsoever. I don't know how long Bernie is gonna talk and I have no idea how long it's gonna take to get home. My friend insists we can make it. I think he's delusional. Am I the asshole here?"
687,"AITA for being mad at my friend for expecting a birthday gift? So my friend is turning 18 over the weekend and I'm getting him a gift but haven't told him because i thought that he wouldn't expect one and it would be a nice surprise, but a few hours ago he started dropping not so subtle hints that he would like a particular specialty item. This is three days before his birthday and it will take over a month to get said item. So when he started dropping hints for a gift am I the asshole for brushing him off saying ""yeah you should buy that""?"
688,"AITA for having my neighbor's car towed? I live in a large apartment building in a city. Every condo has a parking spot that is assigned to the respective property. Besides the designated parking lot for tenants, the only other parking in the immediate vicinity is street parking that you have to pay for. I came home yesterday and the car that normally parks directly next to me was parked in my space. His own parking spot had another car in it. Since he didn’t have that person towed I’m assuming it was a guest of his. I don’t know which apartment he lives in and he did not leave a note on his car letting me know where I could reach him. There was no where else to park; the visitor spaces were full and I didn’t want to park in someone else's spot only to be towed my self. So I called the towing company. Over an hour later my neighbor still had not come down to move his vehicle and the towing company showed up. I had his car taken away. I know what I did is what I’m supposed to do in that situation but I still feel bad about it. He lives in the same building as me and parks right next to me. I’m sure he will know that it was me who had it towed. If I had known where he lived or what his phone number was I would have of course tried to reach out to him. Now I feel like I should have come up with a better solution."
689,"AITAH My pregnant wife scratched our hardwood floor. The other day I setup an event for work over a 12.5 hour day. I got home at 530pm and took a 30min nap. I wake up to the sound of ""Kkkkkkkaashhh, KKkkkkaaashhhhh, KKkkkkaaashhhh..."" To me it sounds like our plastic laundry basket full of dirty clothes being kicked in short pushes across our hardwood floor. I awake and sit up with one more ""KKkkaashhhhhhh"" right to me is; our plastic laundry basket full of dirty clothes being kicked in short pushes across our hardwood floor. Also next to the basket is my (4 week away) pregnant wife who asks, ""Can you bring this down stairs?"" Knowing what just happened to the wood floor, with possibly even if 1 little rock or grain of sand was under that 15ft stretch of sliding plastic, I say ""Why did you do that? You're going to scratch the floor!"" She snaps at me, we yell for about a minute and I bring it down to be washed. As I lift the basket I take 1 quick spin around to see what I hope is not there.... aaand there is a nice wood colored line from me, through the living room, down the hall, and into the bedroom scratch. I say, ""Why did you not ask me when it was in the bedroom? Please never do that again!"" I might have forgot to say the please. She is pith'ed at me all evening for getting mad. Am I the A$$hole? **Update:** Well it's been fun, I see I am indeed the Bunghole for the way I snapped at her. I shall ""wipe"" away my dignity and give her and our soon to be baby the love they deserve. Thank you all for your input on the size of my sphincter. I love this subreddit!"
690,"AITA for wanting to stay at friends' apartments? Moved to a new city, 4 years ago for grad school. I developed, 6 close friends. We hung out pretty much constantly / every weekend. 3 moved away, 1 is out of town for a week. I was moving out of my apartment into a new 1, and that fell through / I got screwed over with only about a week left in my old apartment's lease. I suddenly was left scrambling for a place... I found 1, great! It was only 4 days after my lease ended (best I could get / actually took a lesser place than what I'm happy with to move in quickly). I asked my 2 available close friends if I could crash at their place for 2 nights each (made a joke about spreading out the bumming). They both said yes, but I was rather surprised by their responses (didn't seem enthusiastic at all). When I stayed at their places, I tried to be insanely respectful. I bought my 1 friend a bottle of her favorite liquor, and bought the other a bottle of his favorite fancy beer. I basically just arrived at their place to sleep on their couch at 8 PM and left by 7 AM. It felt awkward the entire time, I thanked them both with a ""sorry if I overstayed my welcome, but thanks a lot"" text. 1 didn't respond, the other just responded with a ""no problem"" Apartment complex I'm moving into stated their background screening system went down and now my move-in is delayed 1 day. I asked the friend who seemed less bothered by my stay, if I can stay 1 more night / explained the story. He responded with a ""hey, how about asking ____ (other friend)?"" I'm now too embarrassed to even ask the other friend. AITA? Making me homesick for the first time, as I know I have about 6 friends back home who this would be ZERO problem for and vice-versa. We're all single in our 20's / I'm JUST starting my ""big-boy"" job next Monday, so can't afford a hotel at all."
691,"AITA for confronting someone with the lack of facts in what they claim to be their factual opinion? (lots to read) **Preface (feel free to skip):** So I came across this reddit-post on /r/misc which looked like someone plugging their own blog-post, which is allowed on that sub, but I personally disagreed with the content which made me go see whether OP posted it on any other sub where I could see other people's opinions (the post on /r/misc got no responses except for my own). **Abstract:** OP x-posted this blog-entry on /r/technology where it actually got some attention, and there I saw this other person giving a very biased opinion on the subject. Basically he disagreed with OP, and like I said, I also disagree on some points OP makes but for very different reasons. At first I thought the other person was just a troll, so I only gave a 2-word response (which will be linked down below), but ever since this turned into a pretty ""interesting"" 2-day discussion, getting more and more off topic but in essence what made me hold a grudge (not a personal grudge mind you) was the fact that not only were his arguments not backed up by any facts (especially in the beginning), he very much claimed them to be factual. [Here's the conversation.] Thanks to anyone who's taking the time to read through this exchange which so far is already much longer than I'd like to admit."
692,"AITA for putting a ""made in Mexico"" sticker on a Mexican girl in my class? I pulled a ""made in Mexico"" sticker off my binder in class today and put it on my friend who is Mexican. I thought it was a light-hearted joke but she got fairly mad and hasn't talked to me since (this was earlier today)."
693,"AITA for leaving my cousin out? So im in high school (UK), ( year 9) and I like to go out locally with friends after it most nights, but my cousin who is three years older than me (16) started hanging out with us. He clearly makes my friends uncomfortable (although they didn't say anything). I also don't like the way he acts in front of them. So the question is am i the asshole for going out with my friends and not inviting him?"
694,"AITA for asking my brother to reimburse me? I play bass, and occasionally jam with my twin brother (both M, 18). Whilst sitting on my amp, he accidentally broke my only working lead. No hard feelings, but he refuses to even go splitsys with me on a new lead (approx $12) because ""it's my property, and therefore my responsibility to replace it"" Am i a stinge/ass for expecting him to replace it?"
695,"AITA for asking a coworker for a ride??? Okay so I am a sign spinner you know those guys you see on the corner all the time. Anyways a few days ago I was at a spot that requires multiple spinners like 6 and theres usually one by the highway and four right by the church then another a few streets away. So I ago to the one a few streets away and do my shift as usual but then the shift is over and I am waiting for my ride but it never comes, so I start walking back to the church carrying the big sign. My coworker drives by and says ""sorry dude I forgot about you"" he is with his GF too. Anyways he drives me to take the sign back and while I am walking back to his truck I trip and twist my ankle. He asks me how I am getting home and I ask him for a ride, he says yes but the way he said it sounded like he was annoyed. Anyways he is driving and him and his GF are in the front just talking like ""we are gonna be late"" and she says ""this is way out of our way"" that makes me feel bad too. Anyways I get home and thank them for the ride but it just feels awkward. I cant tell if I was the Ahole or him."
696,"AITA for letting my brother off at the corner? The title is just a segue into the main story. My brother came home from university for easter and left today. As i was about to leave for work this morning he came from his room and asked me to quickly drive him to our dads to pick up a pair of shoes before he goes to the bus station. I said ""No problem but I have to drop you off at the corner (2 blocks west of the subway that goes to the bus station) because Im taking (little brother) to school."" So we go to our dads, and he picks up his shoes. then he starts trying to convince me to drive him to the subway station because ""it will be so much easier"". keep in mind the subway station is 2 blocks east, there is morning traffic and it would make our little brother late for school. His bus is in an hour, and it takes at most 20 minutes to get there from the subway station. So i stop at the corner at a red light for him to get out. I say ""ok ill stop here so you can get out"", and he sort of snaps at me to at least grab his bag from the back seat (we are in a fiat too by the way, close quarters.). Then the light turns green and i sort of snap back ""Get out the lights green!"" So he grabs his back quickly and punches me as he leaves, calling me a selfish asshole. This really pissed me off. So pissed I wanted to run over the biker in the bicycle lane next to me. All weekend I ran around for him. I let him use my computer to write a paper since he forgot his charger. Did i get a thank you when i asked for it back when he was done? No, when i asked to have it back, I got a snappy ""One sec!"" as he surfed Facebook. Eventually i just grabbed my laptop out of his hands. Did i get a thankyou when he asked my to drive him to the subway to go play soccer, which is about a 20 minute drive away (on easter sunday)? No, i got complaints that I wouldn't drive him all the way to soccer, and a sales pitch on taking him all the way there instead of just to the subway. Finally I gave in and drove him all the way there. So, naturally I called my dad just to vent a bit. A few minutes later I get a text from him saying I deserved to get punched since the way I told him to get out of the car wasn't nice. He told me to stop acting like a 12 year old and tattling on dad. I responded saying I'll stop being a 12 year old when you stop acting like a baby with a tantrum when he doesn't get his own way, and called him out"
697,"AITA For going fishing? This situation is the center of a two year long argument between my group of friends. I just found this sub and it will have the final say. Two years ago i was dating a girl called Amanda, we had been together for the better part of three months. She invited me to a banquet for her sorority where it would be announced that she won their presidential election. For the record I agreed to this banquet three weeks ahead of time. fast forward two weeks: on Monday (the banquet was that Friday) I got a call from my Dad, He was fishing in an annual ed fish tournament. Every year I hoped that I would get a call that they had an open spot on the team. This was that call, the catch was that I had to be in Houston (a five hour drive) by Thursday night, making me miss the banquet. I said yes to my Dad immediately as this was something that I had been aching to do for years. As soon as I got off the phone, I went to lunch with Amanda and broke the news. She was obviously upset which is something I do feel bad about. I do not however regret going, the argument is that this is something that Amanda should never forgive me for. Which she said she did. I don't think I did anything that bad because it was something I really really cared about. So Reddit am I an asshole for missing something important to her and doing something important to me? TL;DR I missed her banquet to go fishing with my dad"
698,"AITA for not getting rid of existing furniture for a roommate? i've lived in the same 4br house for six years. i'm the master tenant, and my name is the only one on the lease. all the bedrooms are rented out. we all pay shares related to the size of our rooms (400-600 bucks), which are all well below market value for our city. we have a couple common rooms, but they're almost completely furnished with my things. one is our livingroom and has a couch, some matching-ish chairs, and a couple large bookcases. the diningroom has a fairly large restaurant-style booth for eating, and a little free space next to that. i've never had a problem with a roommate regarding furnishings, ever, but recently a roommate who has lived here for a couple years is insisting that everyone in the house should get a quarter of the total common space to furnish and decorate as they see fit. . . which makes sense if you're all moving into an empty house together, but what about this situation? i've been here for six years, and will probably be here for several more before i leave the area. most everyone who currently lives here will move well before i do. i would rather not have to sell most of my stuff just so a couple people can redecorate my house. i've told everyone that i don't plan on selling anything, and that if they had any ideas on how to rearrange furniture and/or decorate the existing free spaces (which is maybe a quarter of all the common space) as they can run it past me and we'll try to work something out. but that isn't good enough for the one roommate. we've discussed it several times, but she won't be happy unless i provide everyone with equal empty common space. everyone living there currently had moved in with all my stuff already here. no one else has any furniture to add, nor do they care. it's just the one roommate. what are your expectations when moving into someone else's existing home? would you move into someone's home **and then** get riled up because they won't sell their diningroom furniture so you could have a second livingroom? am i the asshole?"
699,"AITA for reporting a seller to Etsy? Early last month I ordered a sweatshirt with some custom stitching on Etsy. I paid a good amount for it and it was finally delivered last Friday. I was super excited to wear it but, unfortunately, there's a hole in the sleeve. I messaged the seller that night and let her know that it had arrived damaged. I attached pictures and told her that I would prefer if she sent me a replacement sweatshirt rather than a refund, if that was possible. She messaged me back saying she would get back to me Monday with her decision. Monday rolls around, I don't get a message. On Tuesday, I send her one more message, asking her what decision she came to. She sends me a rude message telling me she'll ""get to it when she can"" and tells me I just have to be patient. I decide to wait until the end of the week to see if she arrives at a resolution for me. Lo and behold, it's now Friday night and she still hasn't gotten back to me. Since I ordered almost a month ago, my window to open a case with Etsy is narrowing, so I decided tonight to open a case against the seller since the item came damaged and the seller hasn't been working with me. I think that a week is more than enough time to at least tell me the terms of my refund, especially since I sent her proof of the damage, but now I'm second-guessing myself. AITA for reporting her to Etsy?"
700,AITA...pissed that my boyfriend has had my car for 2 days. I let my boyfriend use my car with him promising to be back by 11 p.m. that night. He was gone for 2 days . I don't care that he was not with me. I'm pissed that he had my car and wouldn't return it for 2 days. I had to use uber to get around. He was fully aware of my Important things I had to get done...which includes going to work. I also realize it's my fault for even letting him use it in the first place. I'm just so confused as to why he is mad at me for nagging him to bring it back.
701,"AITA for not wanting spectators present during my dentist appointment Two weeks ago I've started going to the dentist. Without going into exactly why, I've been told that except for one tooth, all my teeth will have to be pulled. Naturally I'm not thrilled about it. I'm only 28, and in addition to that I've developed bald spots and have been struggling with depression. In addition to that I'm not great around strangers, so going to the dentist is already unpleasant to me (pain not withstanding). After I got my first appointment I messaged my dentist over viber to confirm the date and time. She is my age and seemed rather friendly. We talked for a bit after that about random things and joked around. I knew she was married and I personally didn't find her attractive even though objectively I consider her pretty. I made some (in hindsight) possibly inappropriate jokes, but she didn't react negatively at the time. In fact, the next day she told me how much she had to hold back not to laugh too loud and wake her infant daughter. We talked maybe once or twice after that, but not nearly as long. Fast forward a few days later, I'm in the waiting room. She opens the door and tells me to come inside. As I step in I see a guy standing in the room. I'm thinking he's leaving as I'm going in and don't think much about it. I start taking my jacket off and the guy sits down (There's chairs for when she's taking a break in the room, it's separate from the waiting room). Already I'm confused. She tells me to lay down on the weirdly shaped dentist hair. A thousand thoughts rush through my head. ""What is she doing? Is she gonna pull my teeth in front of that random stranger?"" I'm not feeling comfortable at all about this, but she just casually gives me the anesthetic. As soon as she's done injecting it she starts talking with the guy. I turn around and see him reading patients files. She tells him not to do that, while smiling and giggling. He just looks at her and smiles back. I'm completely lost and raging inside. She walks back to me and pulls a tooth out, then essentially rushes me out. As I'm putting my jacket on she asks the guy if the bleeding stopped. It's at this point that I realize he's just a patient who decided it's OK to be present during my appointment and read private information about other patients. A few hours after arriving home I message my sister, describing what happened and asking for advice. She agrees with me that what she did was not alright. I message her about rescheduling the next appointment for a different day, but she says that she has no more spots left for that day. ""Can we not have moronic spectators the next time?"" I ask. ""That moron is my cousin. Yeah, no problem, cya monday"" she replies. I'm still pretty pissed off"
702,"AITAs for feeling angry and upset at my father, and mother, and blaming him for being hit by a car? By the way, I know I am bias as hell towards my mother. My father and I don't get along that well. First of all, my father is in his early 60s and is an avid bicyclist. He's been in this hobby for about 7 years, give or take, after some family issues. However, my mother and I believe that it has taken over his like,I mean, like, addiction levels. He has spent thousands of dollars on this hobby and has invested himself into the local government with it. He aims to ride hundreds of miles a month and it has reached the level where my mother and I don't think anything of him riding 70 miles. While I am annoyed in general about all the talk of it, he's always on the equivalent of bike-facebook and gets upset about likes and shit, I kinda don't overly care. Or at least I stopped when I moved out 5 years ago. However, my mother has always had issues with it. She was happy and supportive at first, but this has declined. She has been angry and upset and hurt by the bike over the last few years. This is due to massive expense, the amount of times he's been hurt by it -twice before this, both times hospitalized. The first time he broke his back and went back to riding and the second time he destroyed his fingers and went back to it -and no 17 year old wants to get a call from the cops that their father was in an accident. Anyway, she is also hurt because of the fact that he has neglected the rest of his life. His schedule revolves around the bike, and I'm not kidding. He plans around the rides he wants, has maintenance hours, and does a lot of shit. The problem is that it's in excess, he rides multiple times a week, not including to and from work. Because of this, he has neglected the house, badly. They have a pool, and it is basically a swamp. The house needed a lot of maintenance for a while, due to damage from a storm, and the house was left missing infrastructure for about 2/3 years. Apperently, whenever my mom tried to fix it, my dad would get upset that she was going behind her back. But then he wouldn't do anything himself or try, so my mom would and they'd fight. My mom would give up because of this and just be upset. This issue happened multiple times for a variety of things, a lot of stuff. Furniture, paint, carpet -they're walking on ripped up carpet in their bedroom, flooring, etc. He'd go to work, go ride again, and then come home ""grumpy"" and get upset at my mother if she didn't have food ready. A lot of, ""You know how I am and how I should eat!"" bullshit He would take time off work for"
703,"AITA for telling my boyfriend that his not replying made me feel like shit. So my boyfriend has a habit of just opening messages, seeing them and just not replying. I have social anxiety and it made me really uncomfortable messaging him so today I just asked him to please not do it anymore. But now I feel like an asshole because I feel like he feels pressured to reply to me all the time when I don't want him to feel that way. Am I an asshole for making him feel bad?"
704,"AITA Carol Accident, Fault? AITA. So I driving down a road one day and a person cuts me off and gets in front of me. This person then proceeds to pull over to the right of the road. It's a big enough road, so I think he's stopping and decide to start passing him on the left. Well this person has in fact decided to make an illegal u turn from the right side of the street without a turn signal or anything forewarning. Which results in me hitting him in the back side of his driver side. Please tell me am I the asshole or is the person making the illegal u turn? Is there any other place on reddit I could get advice from?"
705,"AITA For refusing to pay for a custom item that I may have been misled on pricewise? Hi all, I need to know if I'm the asshole. I am looking for a simple slab of wood that I can use a desktop when placed upon some sort of support (ex. filing cabinets). In early March I contacted a freelance woodworker on Craigslist who said that they could make a desktop to match my specifications (6' x 18'"" x 1""). This is what happened: -I very explicitly stated that before moving forward, I wanted to know how much the piece of wood would cost. They said, ""It kinda of depends on how long it will take to sand it down. As it is now $60."" They asked me if I wanted a gloss coat, and I said yes. They said it would be ready in early April. -I contacted them today asking how the progress was going and they said it would be ready by Monday. I asked them how much the total cost would be. Given the only amount of money they had disclosed to me cost-wise was $60, I assumed it wouldn't deviate too much from that. Instead, they were asking for $300 (all for a 6' x 18'"" x 1"" piece of wood). -I said: ""I see. You said in an earlier message that it would be around $60-$100. If you look at the initial messages I sent you on March 10th, you stated that. Was there something I missed?"" -They said: ""I said 60 for the 6 by 18 as it was, Without any work put into it. Then I asked if you wanted it sanded and glossed it would all depend on how many hours was put into it and the quality of the finished product. If you buy any type of wood for furniture and it is a finished product it will be pricey not to mention custom made."" -I said: ""Clearly I have never bought anything of this sort before, I feel like an idiot. It would have been nice to have had a final price estimate based upon what I asked for, but that was my fault for not being explicit."" -They said: ""I wouldn't have been able to give you an accurate price because I didn't know how much work needed to be put into it."" -It went back and forth like this, and I argued that they should have been straightforward with their pricing, while they argued that I should have asked all the questions I could before allowing them to go off and prepare the wood. -Since I didn't sign a contract, I told him I simply couldn't afford it and cut all contact. It all just seems very strange to me; what kind of businessperson withholds pricing info and then goes off to make the product without knowing that the customer will be willing to pay the final amount? Should I have asked more questions, or should they have been more transparent about their pricing? Am I the asshole?"
706,"AITA for not bagging my own groceries? So about six or 7 years ago I decided to take over cooking and shopping duties for my household of 5. Long before I took over, and for a few years after, the grocery store had your [traditional style checkout stands]( http://i.imgur.com/zpUTnLW.jpg) where the cashier would take your items from the first conveyor (which you typically loaded yourself), scan them, then place them on a second conveyer that would go to a bagger at the end of the stand who would then load your cart. Practically every lane with the exception of the express lanes was set up like this. A couple of years back the grocery store took out the old stands and replaced them with these updated ones that removed the traditional bagger’s area and replaced them with the carousel-style bagging system you typically see at [self-checkouts]( http://i.imgur.com/cx29l8J.jpg). I suppose you could describe it as a [hybrid of the two stands]( http://i.imgur.com/wgiNaWm.jpg), and though no one comes right out to say it, the intent seems clear to me; They want you to bag your own groceries. There are maybe 1-2 baggers/runners on shift at the time and day I go, when there used to be about one to every lane. When they were first installed, it was a nightmare. Lines were stacked up further back than I had ever seen, customers were upset with the new system and many were not afraid to complain to any employee that would listen. In the time since they were first installed it has gotten a little bit better, though not as fast as it was before, and I am still not having it. I don’t mind loading my own cart, but I am not going to stand there and bag the groceries when there are plenty of other grocery stores in the area (even ones owned and operated by the same company) that don’t have these new stands. Every time I shop I play a waiting game with the cashier; who is going to flinch first and start bagging the groceries? Not I. I look over to the next lane and see some little old lady bagging her own groceries, and I know others are looking at me and thinking “Look at this asshole, if she can do it, why can’t you?” My feelings are not that this little old lady should be bagging her own stuff and I shouldn’t, but that neither one of us should, nor should the judging eyes. And until the store tells me their intent is for me to bag my own stuff, I’ll keep playing this little game to see who gives in first."
707,"AITA for not opening a card in front of my employer? I am a part time nanny/babysitter/housesitter for a family and I have been working for them for almost a year now. The kids are very well behaved and pretty much do everything I ask and I have never had any issue with them. It was recently my birthday and I babysat a few days later and the mother (who is friends/acquaintances with my mother and must have seen that it was my birthday on Facebook) gave me a sealed birthday card before she left, and I opened it after and it had a nice card signed by the kids and a generous amount of cash inside. When they got back they paid me and I thanked them again for the card but didn't mention the cash because I wasn't sure what to say. Now I'm paranoid they thought I was ungrateful for either not opening the card in front of them or for not thanking them directly for the cash. I am sitting again tomorrow night. Should I mention it again? Am I the asshole for not opening the card in front of them? I was extremely grateful for the money because I am finishing up college and applying to med school this June and cash is tight. Should I write a thank you card? Sorry for any typos, I'm using mobile right now"
708,"AITA for bringing the new girl I'm seeing to an event that I had some idea my ex would be at? I'll try and keep it short, but at the same time I know you guys here like to pick out every detail that makes the OP appear to be the asshole before you fully judge the situation. That is the extent of me being an asshole in this post. I hope you'll agree. Last week I was invited to an event, a dance, by my ex's roommate. I broke up with my ex two months ago after about a month of fighting about me being insensitive and her being too sensitive. On top of that she wouldn't really participate with me in the things I thought interested us anymore. This was all exacerbated by my leaving the country and her having pregnancy scare. Regardless, we break up because I thought she didn't care much anymore. But she cried so immediately I regretted it. A week after that we go out for coffee and I tell her I want to get back together. She tells me we need time and not to get my hopes up. I don't give it time. The amount of fury in my head forces me to start an argument. And so a relatively civil break up turns into a post break up fight. As per usual with me. We aren't friends, we don't really talk. There's a major coldness between us that I now wish wasn't there. I asked if we had a chance and she said she didn't think there were romantic feelings between us anymore. I told her I wanted to reconcile the friendship. I understand how she doesn't believe me. So the question is this. It's been two months since we broke up and I'm seeing someone new. The new girl knows the situation completely. My ex isn't seeing anyone of course. She's a very innocent girl I think and she won't date someone she doesn't have an extreme connection with. I invite the new girl to the dance and honestly I wasn't expecting my ex to be there but I knew it was possible. She shows up. I didn't totally expect her to. Like I said one of the reasons we broke up is that she would never get out with me. We even dance. She's says something critical about me. I try to be normal with minimal success because we even get into a minor argument there. It wasn't about the relationship but I could tell there was some bad blood between us. I left early with the new girl and I felt extremely rude about it. I don't know if my ex even saw us leave together but I know how bad I would feel to watch my ex leave with another guy. Like I said it just doesn't seem like she would care anyway. It wasn't to make her jealous that I brought the new girl in the first place, but by the end of the night I wanted nothing"
709,"AITA for yelling at an old lady? I am in college in the Eastern US and my friend Jed's mom is in town (she's a really cool woman). My friend, his mom, a few more of our friends, and I go to dinner at a local restaurant downtown. At night, the restaurant is a bar, but we get to the restaurant around six pm. We are having a nice meal in the side annex of the restaurant surrounded by a few other tables (mostly families), but off in a corner is a group of around five 60 something year olds and they are absolutely blitzed. They are screaming and yelling and laughing at the top of their lungs, and I can barely hear my friends or Jed's mom whom I haven't seen in a few months. After about a half an hour, one of them (codename Ruth) comes over to our table unsolicited and drunkenly says something along the lines of ""I know we're yelling and making a scene over there, and we're sorry, but we aren't going to stop."" Everyone at my table seems to think drunken Ruth is hilarious and instantly forgets the fact that we can barely hear each other over the raucous seniors and tell her not to worry about it, at which point I interject and point out that her group is being inappropriately drunk in a family setting. My group laughs it off and Ruth leaves, but whenever I see Jed's mom, she loves giving me crap for ""yelling at an old lady"". All of my friends think I am an asshole for this. So does my own mom! Am I the asshole? EDIT: Broke up paragraphs"
710,"AITA for deleting my ex off my social media? She called me and broke up with me at work with no real explanation, so once she started posting pics with her new BF I deleted her. I don't want to see that and I told her so. Now she's making it seem that I'm the asshole."
711,"AITA for asking for more birthday money? So on the 9th it was my brothers 18th birthday he received £326 pound in gifts and will shortly be getting a new car, although it is mine on the thirteenth (i will be turning 14) so i casually brought it up to my parents, and they snidely replied ""oh you wont even get £100"" and instantly i said ""but thats not fair i need at least £200 for new clothes"" and then they started calling me greedy and a horrible child and i would like to know if i was out of line or if they were being unfair."
712,"AITA For returning my controller until I get one I like? I've paid Game Stop $150 for an XboxOne Elite Controller. I know it's not their fault if the quality of it isn't up to what I expect a $150 controller to be. My first one had kind of wobbly, loose feeling paddles and the guide button wasn't very responsive. There were other minor things I *could* have complained about (like the spacing of the triggers not being symmetrical, or the d pad sounding really hollow on one of the directions) but I knew that kind of stuff just happens with mass production and I wouldn't have returned it just for that. So I returned it for a second one based on the first issues. My new one has the same loose paddles, the same unreliable guide button, and the same D pad issue, but now the D pad is stiff making it difficult to tap rapidly. This makes one more major issue I have with it, but one less minor one since the spacing on the triggers is perfect. I know that people have received actual broken controllers directly from Microsoft online and are being told to purchase another one if they don't like it. Game Stop's Return Policy allows me to exchange my product for another one within 30 days, but I feel like I'd have to lie and say it's broken if I returned more than one. So am I the asshole for constantly returning a product that technically still works in the hopes that I get a better one? EDIT: Added Note: The controller also comes with 2 AA batteries that aren't supposed to be packed back with it if it's returned. So I dunno, I guess technically I could be accused of running some kind of battery scheme, but I swear I'm not. That sounds so stupid but I feel like I need to say it."
713,"AITA for keeping dishes in my room? Alright, here's the deal- there's a small basement apartment, and there's four of us in it. Four friends, two bedrooms, two apiece. I spend tons (*tons*) of time at my desk. I eat at my desk, and I often keep the dishes here when the sink is full, and do the dishes after. One of the girls in the other bedroom, I'll call her Jane, doesn't do dishes. Cooks constantly and all the dishes end up in the sink. She's rooming with her friend, and knowing the both of them, she does all the dishes for both of them. I literally don't think I've seen Jane do a single dish all year, or for the duration of our friendship. The other girl has *literally* done *all* of her dishes since I've known them, which has been a few years. I got home from classes yesterday and I was sat down by the other bedroom (Jane and our mutual friend) and told that I really couldn't keep dishes in my room anymore. It's unsanitary and it's bringing rats and cockroaches to the apartment, which I also noticed of late. I explained to her that I was just waiting for her to do her dishes, and also mentioned that I don't recall the last time she scrubbed the bathroom, or did the dishes, or took out the trash, or anything of that sort, really. I did kinda lay in to her about how much work she's not doing around the apartment. I just don't see how my dishes are more of an issue than her brimming trashcan or the sink, constantly full of her dishes. AITA?"
714,"AITA for setting the record straight on the Flag Code? Yes, I'm one of those people. Stay with me. My cousin shared a picture of the flag code wherein it says ""anyone who tramples the flag gets fined $1000 or jailed or both."" I pointed out that there was an amendment that removed the fine amount, and that the entire code was found unconstitutional. I made no judgments, I gave no opinions on the matter. But I get up today an realize that I've been unfriended, with a comment that says ""because we have a difference of opinion, kindly get the fuck off my Facebook."" Because we have a difference of opinion (none of which I gave in this particular instance), you're going to censor me? That hurts, man. Am I the asshole?"
715,"AITA for being mad at a friend So I took a video of my friend doing something embarrassing, I sent it to another friend and told him to not show him or talk to him about it (I included please in capitals to let him know that I meant it) 10 minutes later, he comes up to us and tells him that I recorded it. I wasn't even mad he told him, I'm mad that he broke my trust that I gave to him to not show him. The next day, he messaged me privately about why I was mad. I told him because he hurt my feelings and I thought I could trust him. He didn't take it serious and was messing around the whole time we were talking. He later told the kid that I recorded, that I'm mad because he told him I sent the video to him, which I wasn't, he told him ""he's mad because I'm not a dick"", I was mad that he broke any trust I had in him. He later tells the rest of our friends that I'm mad over it and now all my friends think I'm a dick for it. I don't know if I should apologize or what. I don't feel like I'm an asshole, I just don't want to talk to him anymore because told him. (My opinion, I think he's a toxic friend, and I should split away from him and maybe the others, but I could be wrong, maybe I'm just an asshole"""
716,"AITA for going against her wishes? About 4 years ago, I had finally gotten my first girlfriend (I was a sophomore in high school, as was she). I had known her for so many years, since kindergarten. We were both pretty nerdy, so we were both rather shy. Sadly, I didn't get to talk to her as much because of marching band practices after school. But after a while, whenever I would get to see her, I noticed she was really stressed. I mean REALLY stressed, to the point of her hair thinning and such. She was smart, so I didn't think it was just school. Then she told me a story of her father getting angry and she ended up being shoved into the stove, bruising her hip pretty badly (she was naturally thin). Of course, I expressed my concerns for her health but she kind of brushed it off. I kept noticing things that looked and sounded like she was being abused by her father. Eventually, I just had to do something. I hated seeing her so stressed and hurt. I went to a teacher I trusted and told him the situation, and encouraged me to go to the guidance counselor, which I did right then. This was INCREDIBLY uncomfortable for me, way outside of my comfort zone. When I had mentioned telling someone about her issue, she got kind of angry at me. But here I was, telling a counselor about her signs of stress and bruises and such. I did make sure to say I never was 100% sure there was abuse, but signs pointed to it. I was told they'd bring her in and talk to her. Then the next day comes. I'm nervous all day because I knew she was going to be asked about it. After school... Yeah. She was very upset with me. Somehow, she didn't outright break up with me, but she would barely even speak to me. I ended up breaking up with her (though it was more mutual at this point). And then, as if I didn't feel bad enough, my friends told me that she was flirting with someone near the end there, and she actually gets together with this guy less than a week after we break up. I was never really told if there was abuse, if anything was done, anything. I may have just made her mad at me for no reason whatsoever. To this day, I still haven't felt justified in my decision to go to a counselor. I really, really feel like the asshole."
717,"AITA for being mad at a friend making fun of my hat? Recently, I finally finished one of those year-long study-this-random-country sort of projects. I got Gabon, and became highly invested in it. I even managed to grab a hat to wear when the school went around and checked out everyone's displays. Today was clean-up day and I picked up the hat, called a kufi, and had it near my books in math. My occasionally-jerky friend, who I suppose I'll just name Wes, became immediately interested and put it on, asking what it was. Of course he found the name funny, as it is, fairly enough, a weird name. Despite genuinely really liking the hat, I laughed as well and he continued wearing it, sort-of tilting it to the side in an almost H3H3 sort of way. However, throughout the class, he kept on poking fun at it, and laughed at other misc. things, such as my country's name and the name of a different piece of clothing, known as a bou-bou. At this point I became a little irritated, because 1.) I needed to get the notes down, and 2.) he kept on making fun of some of the things that I became so invested in. Wes even asked if he could wear it during a Smash Bros. tournament nearby (he's apparently one of the highest players in the city), as he's ""known for wearing silly hats."" I said yes, because that was harmless in itself, but at the end of the period I made it very clear that I had changed my mind, because he never let up on making fun of it to appreciate anything about it, besides ""it looks stupid."" I suppose maybe I'm being overly-offended by it, but I tried to make it clear that I wasn't into making fun of something that I had become seriously attached to. So, **tl;dr**, am I the asshole for being mad at my friend making fun of a hat from a country that I became passionate about?"
718,"AITA for staying with my best friends girl So yesterday I went to the park to play some football with my friend jack and his girlfriend Kelly. we was there for about 2-3 hours when jack said he was leaving because he was board and hungry so he started walking off, then Kelly said ""well I have to stay because my ride is picking me up here"". Jack turn around and look at us both and said "" well I'm going come on Ben(me)"" the park at this point was getting dark and I wasn't going to leave a girl on her own in the middle of a dark park, so I said ""I'll stay with her till her rides here"" jack replied that with ""fine fuck u both then"" and walked off. We stayed at the park for 2 hours nothing happened between us but jacks really pissed because he thinks so choice me over him. So am I the asshole ? (Sorry if its hard to read pretty bad at putting things into words)"
719,"AITA for resenting my father? A little background first: my dad, my boyfriend, and I all live together in a tiny 2-room, 1-br apartment. It's a shitty situation and we're trying to get our stuff together to move out. Also, I admit that I'm an alcoholic, which is part of what got us into this situation in the first place. I go on these crazy binges every few months where I turn into a complete bitch and argue with everyone. It sucks for everyone in the house, and my neighbors too. I have been trying to get help for this problem, in the form of outpatient group therapy. My most recent binge was one of the worst I've ever had, because of the consequences for others. On my most recent binge (this was only about 2 weeks ago so these events are still fresh), I ended up getting hauled off by police to the county mental hospital. I blame my dad for this, for a few reasons. First of all, my dad initiated the physical violence. He also for some reason told the police that my boyfriend was growing pot in our closet, (he never has), resulting in him being beaten up by the cops, getting searched, and the police tearing our room apart looking for imaginary pot plants. In this whole situation, honestly, I think it was my boyfriend who got fucked the worst. My dad hates the guy for not having a ""real"" job, even though he's been supporting us by working (from home) as a graphic designer and web developer. So, in a nutshell, because my dad lied to the police, my boyfriend got beaten by cops for no damn reason, I was publicly humiliated (I was in my underwear when they threw me in the back of the car; I wasn't allowed to put my clothes on), I spent 3 days in the county mental hospital on a 5150 hold, my boyfriend was beaten up and his rights were SEVERELY violated, and now I have an elder abuse complaint on my record. Oh, and I also have nerve damage in my right thumb because of the handcuffs (good thing I'm a lefty). I do have evidence of the fight between my dad and me (many bruises from him grabbing my arms, knocking me on the ground, and sitting on me until the cops arrived), so if it ever comes to it I have a leg to stand on in court. So people of Reddit, my question to you is this: am I the asshole for resenting and partly blaming my dad for this situation? I acknowledge that I was the one who was drinking, and my dad probably thought he was helping by getting me into the mental hospital. Maybe he did think we were growing pot, idk, but I think he just made that up to hurt my boyfriend because he dislikes him (dad can be passive-aggressive like that). All in all, I just feel completely violated by all this, and I no longer trust my father"
720,"AITA for sending 2 high school students to juvie? All right, so this whole situation started a couple days ago. (I'll be using fake names) One of my friends got a video that was sent from a sophomore at the local high school named Dylan. The video showed Dylan and his friend Henry throwing a live chicken in a bonfire and proceeded to dump gasoline all over this live chicken and use a pitchfork to beat the chicken when it jumped out of the fire. The whole time throughout the video, they were laughing hysterically and enjoying it. I have also been told they've killed 5 other chickens but only recorded 1. The video was posted in a Kik group chat that had 12 people in it. The video pissed me the fuck off. Dylan had a history of being a little crazy. I don't have a lot of background on it, but there's a story that Dylan held a loaded shotgun to someones head. That story is a little cloudy and don't have information on it. Dylan was psychotic and I feared that he would progress into something more dangerous. I wanted consequences for this kid, and I wanted him to regret what he did I decided to create an anonymous twitter account and post the video on it and tag people from the school on it. Each day, it got more popular and more people were talking about. Today, it got the most notice. I had over 50 notifications of people messaging me, retweeting it, commenting on it. The account was shared on facebook and snapchat. The account was sadly suspended today as well. Today, they were arrested for 1st degree animal cruelty and are currently being held in Juvie. [Here is a small news story about it] [Another Link] So, am I the asshole in this situation?"
721,"AITA for rejecting a girl who was trying to pick me up at a gay bar? Just for the record, I'm male, straight and in a relationship. It was my friends birthday this weekend. He's gay. My SO and I went to a gay bar my friend regulars to celebrate his birthday. It's like 2 am. I'm fucked. And I'm standing in the middle of the dancefloor in my own little world. This chick and her friend spot me and their gaydar is registering I'm straight. So she comes up to me to chat, she was interested in the get-go and wanted to buy me a drink... What I should have said was ""Listen, I'm really flattered, thank you very much but I have a girlfriend and she's right over there... If you still wanna buy me that drink then awesome, I'll even get the next round. If you don't, that's also cool and I hope you have an awesome evening."" Instead, I fucking short-circuited and just said BZZZZZ WHIRRRR CLICK No. Thanks. BZZZZ. Cue awkward exchange followed by her friend calling me an asshole. 10 minutes later, she left with her friend, looking defeated, crushed and crying... This has been eating away at me ever since and I feel like *such* a cunt about it. Am I the asshole?"
722,"AITA for not wanting my bf to wake me up I've (31f) been dealing with a fair amount of insomnia recently, and the bf (32m) knows. I'm struggling to stay asleep, thanks to medication and anxiety. He goes to bed a couple hours after I do, and he likes to make a fair amount of noise and movement when he comes to bed. We have our queen size beds side by side, and if he sleeps in his bed I'm fine, but he keeps crawling into my bed. I haven't said anything about this recently, as I'm pretty grumpy due to lack of sleep. I know I should, but before I do I want to know if I'm the asshole for being mad he keeps waking me up?"
723,"AITA for hooking up with this girl? I'm in college, and I recently hooked up with an acquaintance of mine. She saw me at a party, and she messaged me a little after and asked if she could come over, and it was pretty clear she wanted to hook up. She came over, we hung out for a while, and we eventually went up to my room. We did not have sex, but we messed around. I chose not to tell her that I am sort of seeing another girl, although we are not exclusive and we are not dating. Forward to today, she messages me to ask if what we did was a one time thing, and I said yes, because hooking up still felt weird to me since I was in this quasi-relationship. She gets very upset, says I deceived her, and that she would not have hooked up with me if she knew. So I guess, am I an asshole for not telling her beforehand?"
724,"AITA for punching my friend? I go out quite often with a group of my workmates, one of whom I went to school with and hadn't spoken to in a few years. (Call him John) On a night out we both admitted that at school we had crushes on one another, but that was six years ago, and we had a laugh about it. One night John had been in a fight with his girlfriend, and kissed me. I was in a relationship too, and told him that I understood he was upset, but not to do that again. A few months later, I'd broken up with my boyfriend. One of our other friends (Matthew) and I got together, but wanted to keep it quiet. John saw me kiss Matthew (we thought we were being sneaky) and I assume he thought I was up for it with anybody? He kissed me and again I told him I wasn't interested. Matthew and I have been together for six months now, and everybody knows. Him and John are really good friends, and he's spoken to John about respecting boundaries, as John has a habit of trying it on with girls who are in relationships. Last night a group of us (including Matthew) were at a friend's house. We were all fairly drunk. I left the main room to get a drink, and John followed me. He pushed me against a wall and kissed me. When he released me, I wordlessly punched him in the face and it transpires that I broke his nose. Am I the asshole? I feel as if there must have been better ways to resolve this, but words didn't seem to get through to him. I haven't spoken to him since, and I'm not sure if I should apologise or not."
725,"AITA for punching this dude in the face? Im in highschool and my friend has begun to smoke crystal fucking meth. I didnt know this untill 3 days ago when he took a meth pipe out of his pocket, in the middle of the school parking lot acting it was cool. I said ""meth, not even once"" and drove away. Then he started acting like a tweaker douch to me at school. I get drunk, and text him im not going to be friends with a douche, a drug addict, and witbout a license or even a learners permit (we're 17). So now that the backstory is done I can fast forawrd to the next day in the computer labs. My 2 day suspension says ""OP got into a verbal altercation with another student in computer lab. The other student spit on OP, twice and OP responded by punching the face of the other student multiple times. Where I come from spitting = we fight now I guess not in the land of free."
726,"AITA for causing my parter and friend to fall out? Sorry if this is a bit long. It was my girlfriend's birthday. I was working in a restaurant that day and then we were going out clubbing with her friends that evening. Girlfriend's best friend (L) was meeting her for lunch, picking her up from my work (it was more convenient than our house) then rejoining us later in the evening. L turns up and sits outside in her car. I go out and say ""Hi, how are you"" etc and she looks straight through me and then barks ""get in the car then"" to my girlfriend. We look at each other like ""okay, what is this about"" and then they go and I get back to work. I'd only met L once before, we went out to dinner as part of a big group and I didn't get much chance to speak to her but she seemed alright? Anyway the evening comes and all of my girlfriend's friends show up. We're playing cards and drinking and I keep trying to get L involved in the conversation since she's basically sitting there sulking. We end up playing some drinking game, which I lose so I have to down a *lot* of skittles vodka. This soon necessitates a trip to the bathroom. I stagger there and L is in there with the door open, fixing her makeup. I can't remember what was said but she told everyone I told her to fuck off. It doesn't seem out of character. Anyway I sort myself out and then go to the bedroom where the girlfriend is trying to decide what shoes to wear. She selects a pair and then goes back to tell everyone else she's ready, should we call taxis etc. The flat is empty. We don't think much of it and head out to the club anyway. They're all there and a couple of them (not L) buy us drinks. Girlfriend asks if we can go somewhere a bit more private after a bit of dancing around with some of her mates. She proposes to me (I was very surprised! but it was the weekend of the leap day so I guess okay?) and I say yes...we have more drinks to celebrate and then get a takeaway and wander home. We ran into a few of her friends in Subway but they were being weird and we were buzzing so we left them to it. So that was nearly two months ago now and L still won't talk to my girlfriend apparently because I told her to fuck off? Now fiancée is upset because she thinks L won't come to our wedding in the summer and she's worried everyone else will side with L who apparently has a reputation as a bit of a drama queen. I offered to contact L somehow and try and apologise but I'm told it would do more harm than good. But anyway, according to my fiancée's friends, I'm an asshole. I'm pretty sure L was just looking"
727,"AITA in my marriage? Hey reddit, this is my first time posting so please let me know if anything needs reformatting and I'll be more than happy to edit. So here's the deal. I have been married for coming up on five years. My husband is great, he does a lot of really good things for me, but he has never held a job longer than 6 months. He gets bored or frustrated and jumps ship, often without having lined up another job first. The problem is he's very smart and very charismatic and knows he can easily land a new job so he's just fallen into this habit where he assumes he'll never have problems getting another job. He also gets waaaaay too enthused at the start of the job and basically throws all his energy into that honeymoon period. Then he gets worn out, bored, disappointed and quits. For example, at this latest job he was brought in as an assistant manager and promised his own store within 3 months. He would come in early, stay late, volunteer to work on his days off, etc and most pay periods he was racking up 80 hours per week. He's salaried, so he's not seeing a dime of over time. On top of that his coworkers are kind of assholes, they consistently show up late, call out, make basic mistakes, etc. So I get it, his job is super shitty. The company just offered him his own store and he put in his two weeks notice - before he even had an interview lined up else where. Now he's starting a new job in a business he'd already tried once before. I've gotten on his case about this several times before in the past, and pointed out to him that there is no consistency here, we can't plan for our retirement like this, I can't go back to school if he's not working, blah blah blah. I hate listening to myself harp on him because I do understand his job sucks - I really don't want to be that bitch wife who's making coming home after a stressful day at work even more stressful. On the other hand I am stressing the fuck out. I have never worked a job for any less than three years. I am miserable in my current job, it's no where close to the industry I want to be in. I am struggling to motivate myself to go into work, but I still have to because I know I can't count on his job and I'm not qualified to go and get a different job elsewhere because I don't have a degree. I constantly feel like I'm getting shafted because he just flits from job to job. I honestly really resent him for this. There's a lot of other factors playing into this situation as well. I have an expensive hobby that I usually keep myself amused with - he does not. I have taken several weekend trips because of my hobby, he has not. He's made"
728,"AITA for jokingly complaining about ""All Star"" by Smash Mouth? I had my last weights class of the semester on Thursday. I was trying to have a conversation with one of my friends during the workout, but I was having trouble hearing her over the music. I jokingly said, admittedly a bit too loudly, ""OH, I'M SORRY, I CAN'T HEAR YOU OVER SMASH MOUTH."" The instructor immediately stopped what she was doing, went to her phone, turned the music down and switched the song. I was joking, but all anybody else could hear was me loudly complaining. AITA?"
729,"AITA for secretly feeding my grandma black pepper? Okay, so, my grandma is a wonderful but slightly (extremely) paranoid person. She gets on these different kicks about different things, usually she drops it after awhile, but there's one thing she's been extremely concerned about as long as I've known her: black pepper consumption. According to my (dear, sweet) grandma, black pepper is a major contributor in everything from high blood pressure to tooth decay. Plus, according to her she ""hates"" it. Now, she's a really, really picky eater in general, beyond this. Although I am an extremely health-conscious cook, and actually have some professional restaurant/cooking skills, she is very rarely happy with the food I make because some flavor or texture or ingredient displeases her. One area that has traditionally proven troublesome is my burgers. Burgers are one of the few things I can consistently get her to eat (she won't touch lamb, pork, rabbit, any unusual poultry, etc), but she always complained about my burgers ""not tasting right"" or ""not having enough flavor"". Until recently that is... Recently my mother (her daughter-in-law) clued me in to the fact that the reason grandma always tells me she likes my mom's burgers the best of anyone in the family is because she (my mom) puts black pepper in them and doesn't tell her. At first I was astonished, but then after another round of burger complaints (I eat lunch with my grandma 1-2 times a week and I usually cook, so you can imagine how tired I get of this) I decided ""fuck it"" and put black pepper in the burgers. Now I've been consistently just cooking with black pepper the way I normally would, and guess what, she likes EVERYTHING I cook better now! It's great to finally make her happy(-er) with my food but I kind of feel bad about lying to her about this. Am I the asshole? **TL;DR:** AITA for feeding my grandma black pepper when she's convinced that it is bad for you, even though she likes my food way better when I leave it and say nothing?"
730,"AITA in this argument about dog poop? This takes place as a group message between myself and three other sisters. There is: * sister - the important one who the conflict occurs with * other sister - unimportant sister who has been a pain to live with * unrelated sister - not important to the story at all ------------------------------ **Sister:** Why is there a bad of dog sh*t hanging off the back fence?! Seriously that's disgusting. Also I just cleaning up about 8 of them from the grass because the dog clearly hasn't been being walked in the mornings like he'd been trained too. Not happy at whoever and everyone involved! Please fix it in future {me}/{unrelated sister}. MORNING walks or clean up the poo. {Other sister} I know you did it while you were here. Much grrr **Sister:** \^bag **Me:** I don't know anything about a bag. {Other sister} has been walking the dog all last week so unless you're suggesting he pooped 8 times yesterday morning it's because of {Other sister}. And I am not walking him in the morning. Mum gave me a schedule and I'm sticking to it. \ **Sister:** Well clean up any poos he does because he hasn't been walked I know it hasn't been you the last week that's why I said everyone (I walked him this morning cos I had time so don't worry about tonight) **Me:** If {Other sister} was walking him in the morning, like you said you knew she was, then this clearly isn't a training issue. **Sister:** Unless you want **Me:** No one asked you to clean it up. Don't yell at me for ""not walking him like he's been trained to"" when I am following the instructions I have been given. **Sister:** {Other sister} wasn't walking him in the morning. Mum takes him for a walk every morning so he can poo and Bruce usually does in the evening too **Sister:** Well he's meant to be walked in the morning if you were told different whatever. Doesn't fix the poo problem and I'm yelling at everyone because those poos had clearly been there for at least 5-6days and no one did anything about it and there's poo on the fence. We can fight ally ay about who's fault it is/was. Don't care. Just want it not to happen again **Sister:** \^all day **Me:** So why are you yelling at everyone? You had just as much responsibility as me to pick it up last week. **Sister:** Last time I was out there , there was none. I checked. At least one of you have been out there since I know that for sure This is not a personal attack on you. Don't take it as one. **Me:** Because you're telling me I have to walk him in the morning or pick it up? And I'm not walking him in the morning which is obviously fine since mum scheduled it for me? **Sister:** The only part directed at you personally was that you should take him in the morning because that"
731,"AITA for making a cake for my friend's birthday? One of my best friends is super busy at the moment (little daughter, new job, new city), so when my birthday came up a few weeks ago, she almost forgot and just sent a text message. She felt super bad about it, even though I told her repeatedly that it was no issue and not to worry about it. Now her birthday is coming up and I wanted to send her a little cake and a card, like I often do for friends who are a bit further away. But now I'm thinking, if she already feels bad about my birthday... would I be a dick for possibly making her feel worse? Should I be more modest and just give her a phone call? In general, I just have a lot more time on my hands than she has (single, no children, currently looking for a job). So there have been a few occasions where I helped her out (moving, putting up furniture in her new apartment, etc.) and she hasn't really had a chance to return the favor. I don't mind at all, but I know that she sometimes feels like a bad friend even though she really isn't. So... what do?"
732,"AITA for expecting a genuine apology? We were straightening out the blankets on the bed. He [m30] fussed at me [f28] for trying to keep a corner, and then his arm slipped and I caught his elbow in my eye. I got a bullshit ""sorry not sorry, you shouldn't have put your face in the way! Well shit, I guess I'm awake now."" I got angry. I know it was an accident, but that has never stopped me from apologizing when I pegged someone in the fucking face! He refused, and said he doesn't feel bad. I asked to please go home. When we got to my place I tried one more time to explain why I was so upset. I pointed out that he has no problem apologizing when he accidentally hurts my feelings, how does he not see this is the same thing? He said that it was my own fault for ""freaking out"" about the blankets, and that I was, apparently, making something not about me all about me. I walked away. And now, as usual, I'm questioning myself. Am I being an asshole for expecting an apology?"
733,"AITA for not explicitly telling my SO I played beer pong with my roommate and his friends? The other night before I moved out of school for the second year my roommates' SO and I were playing beer pong, to be clear I have three roommates so we will call his SO Chan. My SO had already moved out the day before and was unable to make the get together. Now after we played a few rounds I invited my other roommate and whoever he was with over to play. During the first round of 1v1 I informed my SO I was drinking and playing pong with Chan, and not angry with me at all she went to sleep it was getting late. So without someone to text I invited my roommate and his strictly just friends, who are females, who all know my gf and like her. We played pong got slightly more drunk and went to bed, my SO never asked me what else we did so I never thought to tell her seeing as she normally doesn't care. However when she asked this past night I immediately told her and that's when she seemed to become upset. AITA? TLDR: Didn't tell my SO who I played beer pong with until a day later AITA?"
734,AITA for ignoring friend's texts about bday weekend? My birthday was Thursday. A friend that I hung out with just last weekend wanted to hang out with me Saturday night and I wanted to be with my boyfriend instead. I said we had plans and she kept texting me asking what they were. I simply didn't respond. I feel like I should be able to spend my Bday weekend however I want and don't owe anyone an explanation. So AITA for ignoring her?
735,"AITA for not hanging out more with a drunk friend Me and three other friends went out on Friday and we decided to drink.I only drank a couple beers the driver only drank a beer and the two other friends decided to drink quite a lot.They'd taken quite some shots and one of them decided to stop.Well the other one lets call him L wanted more and he practically begged the other guy and me to let them stay some more and drink some more. The other guy said okay they drank a couple more shots and by now L was drunk a lot,the other one not so much and we decided to call it a night.We got into the car and L started throwing up through the window.We drove to the other guys place left him there and stopped for L to get some fresh air.He told us he is only getting worse and begged us not to send him home like that because his parents won't like it(he is 19).I was pretty pissed by now but decided I couldn't leave him like that.We drove with him for an hour and a half,in this time he puked even into my friends car and we had to clean it.Around 2 hours later we sent him home his dad was driving home at the same time he saw his dad and got up and went home. Well tomorrow he started saying how we just threw him in the road we should've stayed with him longer,it's my fault he drank some more shots and shit. So is it my fault or what"
736,"AITA for getting a birthday card and a muffin for one of my best friends? I'm a dude, and ever since I moved into the school I was friends with a girl named Amy. She's pretty funny and stuff, sometimes we hang out together and we talk to each other every other day, but she's one of my best friends, always puts a smile on my face. Now the main problem is she has a boyfriend. I gave her a birthday card today with a muffin and he got very mad at me. Other people said I'm trying to hit on her or something. I don't really get it, sure she's attractive, yes we do hang out some times, but giving her a birthday card with a blessing and a muffin is considered hitting? Is it? I need your piece of mind on this reddit."
737,"AITA for always hating on co-workers who talk too damn much ? I have a woman in front of me who talks incessantly throughout the day and thinks she's funny, but nope she's not. Then I had I guy behind me this morning telling his buddy all about the vacation he just took and how awesome the clubs were. Am I just surrounded by assholes or is it me ?"
738,"AITA for being offhandedly judgmental about a friend? This has been bothering me a bit since it happened last night. My wife and I are fairly close with a childhood friend of mine and his wife. The 4 of us get along fairly well and are fairly similar in living situations: similar incomes (they're about 10% higher than us), living in the city, and both dual-income households. The key differences being we have no children (our friends have one), and we live in an apartment whereas they live in a condo (unknown whether they rent or purchased). My wife was going through Facebook yesterday and commented that our friends got a new vehicle. I was initially happy for them, since one of their vehicles had been giving them problems (they have 2 - a 2005 model wagon and a 2012 model sedan). Shortly thereafter I came across the same posts in my FB feed. Turns out they traded in the 2012 model for a **new** (as in, 0 miles on odometer) 2016 model SUV. The 2005 model is still in their possession. Pretty much by reflex I blurted out, ""well that was stupid. Hope they enjoy their depreciation"", in reference to the fact that [new vehicles lose on average 20% of their value as soon as they're driven off the lot] It is because of this that my wife and I have always bought used vehicles, and paid for them with cash. My wife's reaction was just a statement about how saying stuff like that will guarantee a loss of already dwindling friends (oh the joys of being in your 30s). In my defense, what triggered **my** statement wasn't so much the fact that they financed a vehicle (we personally refrain from financing anything if we're able to), but rather that they did such on a **new** one when they already had one that was still low mileage and working just fine. I've been reflecting on my reaction ever since my wife responded to it. I mean they seem really happy and excited about it, but I don't think they realize how much of it's value they're going to lose over the next few years. Regardless, *neither of us have said anything at all to them about it (the situation/statement)*. **TL;DR: AITA for saying my friend's (who's in a similar life situation as we are - financially, etc) move to trade in their ""good"" car, finance a brand new car, and keep their shitty car is a dumb one?**"
739,"AITA for how I reacted to an car accident. I was driving through a parking lot and pulled into a spot directly across the lane from a man backing out. He says that he was already pulled out and that I hit his tailgate. I told him that was impossible because there was no damage to my car but it was obvious my tire had hit his tailgate. Something that would only happen if he backed out into my Jeep as I pulled him. There was a single dent that was the perfect height for my mule. He said I needed to pay him and I told him I'd trade my insurance information. He kept demanding I pay him so I just wrote down my information, gave it to him and went to work. Am I the asshole for saying it should go through insurance instead of me just giving him money? Am I the asshole for pulling into a spot when he was beginning to back out of his? Am I the idiot for not getting anything except his name and license plate?"
740,"AITA for hanging out with a friend when her boyfriend doesn't like it? So a friend (26f) and I (23m) started hanging out about 8 months ago. We got drinks after work with a group of coworkers one night, got to talking, and became fast friends. Easy to talk to, gets stuff I've been through and vice versa, and really is just on the same page as me in a lot of things. The problem is that her boyfriend (28m) doesn't like us hanging out. I've done everything I can to try to put his mind at ease but I don't know where to go from here. The three of us have gone out together, we've gone on ""double dates"" with the girl I'm talking to, and I've even gone drinking with just him before. My friend and I have both told him there's nothing going on but she still gets crap every time we hang out and any time I see him I get passive aggressive comments about it. I feel bad for her because she has to deal with it even though she doesn't seem to be too bothered with it and I don't really care what he thinks at this point. I'm not going to stop being friends with her because her boyfriend (I think) is being too jealous. Am I the asshole?"
741,AITA for not wanting to tithe? Long story short I just got a job and my parents want me to tithe. They are Christians but I am not. They want me to give 10% of *my earnings* to a god I do not believe in. I still live in their house (I'm 15) so I kind of have to do what they say. Am I the asshole for not wanting to sacrifice my hard earned money to something I don't believe in?
742,"AITA for telling my brother not to clip his toenails in the general vicinity of food? Tonight I went to pick up Chinese for the family and we were eating it in the living room while watching TWD. First off, my brother was being a jerk, not awknoloding that I had driven the middle of a rainstorm to pick up food that I, a high school student with a part-time job at a fast food joint, bought. He grabbed his food and sat down, mumbling some thank you after I pressed him for one, and then.... started clipping his nails? About a few feet away from the coffee table, where my food was sitting. I said, ""Can you please maybe not clip your toenails where there is food?"" because apparently this is something you have to ask people. He, and my mother, both seemed almost offended. They said it was fine because his foot was pointed away from my food, but I said that when you clip nails, they often have a habit of flying all over the place and that I'd rather not have any in my food. My brother was pissy, but put it down, and for the rest of dinner they were both pissy with me. AITA for assuming you shouldn't clip your toenails around someone's food, especially when you bought it for everyone, and you're in an area where food is to be eaten?"
743,"AITA for being sloppy at work ***OP is 19yo M | Coworkers are all F 30+*** I am working at a gas station for a month. I usually work the longest and the evening shifts. This is my first place of employment since I left school (decided university just isnt for me after 2 years of study and I need cash until I join the Army). Its quite exhausting for me to stand for 5-8hrs and keep up with all the stuff that needs to be done. I try my best at performing at work but around closing time my brain is basically slush. I have to do everything alone in there. Cash, cleaning, filling up the freezers and the cigarettes, managing the lights, etc. Its a lot to do and a lot you have to remember. Of course, being new and being completly exhausted after work, I make mistakes. At first stuff with the cash register, later just things I forgot, for example leaving the cover for something outside instead of taking it in. my immediate superior told me and I never forgot to do it since. But over the weeks I always had to call my sup because either a coworker or a customer heavily complained about me. Either because I did not completly restock all the cigaretts or wasnt helpful enough when he yelled at me because his Credit card needed a pin (it hat never done that and he buys gas here for 16 years). I am never unfriendly, minimum I do is polite. This weekend is where it completly went to shit: I did two shifts: Friday morning and Saturday night and even accepted to do another one on Sunday to help a colleague. Friday everything seemed ok despite a coworker at shift change yelling at me for taking a call from my therapist (sleep issues) and not helping her count the money for the fourth time. Saturday I vouched to do everything right this time and of course it all went to hell: In my hurry I forgot to restock the drinks, left a window on tilt and left the wrong light on outside after trying to figure out which was the right one. Sunday was tough, not a minute time to do other stuff than cash up and refill the cigarettes who went away like they only do on a sunday in a small town where we are the only gas station. The heat left me completly exhausted after my 6h midday shift. When my colleague came in for shift change, she told me to refill the fridge and the shelves with drink. Which I did till my shift officially ended and I asked politly If I might leave. That prompted her to yell at me in front of customers to work till everything is filled up. I asked her if she was my superior which she declined but threatened to call my boss. So I didnt say anything and restocked it for another 15 minutes. Getting ready to finally leave, she grabbed my tightly"
744,"AITA for not wanting my bf to drive my car? Hey guys! Thanks for your help. I'll be happy to answer any further information questions. So my boyfriend and I are coming up on our anniversary. We always plan surprises for each other for these things. He's planning something this year. Tonight he was asking me how far he could drive my car for something anniversary related. Here's some background on that. We've been living together for two years. Also in the past two years, people have hit my car four times. One of these was sometime earlier today while it was parked. Not serious damage, but I'm dreading dealing with it. I'm assuming it's between 300-500 dollars in damage. One of those hits resulted in my last car being totaled. I'm a college student, so my single mother has had to absorb the costs of those issues. It's been pretty stressful for us. Anyway, he wants to drive my car for the surprise. I told him he can't drive my car for longer than 30 minutes, especially since my mom is going to be pretty upset about this latest incident. He doesn't have a car since we live in a city. He was vague about how far it was, giving me estimates for as short as an hour to as long as fifteen hours. He was being cutesy about it, so he wasn't being a jerk or intentionally misleading, just trying to keep it vague for the surprise. After this latest issue, I just don't feel comfortable with taking any risks. I wasn't sure how my insurance would treat an accident if someone else was driving my vehicle. Partway through the conversation, I told him I'd have to check my insurance policy on it. He was very pushy about driving my car to do this. I felt it was pretty reasonable for me to be uncomfortable with all things considered. I just wish he would have considered my feelings and anxieties on the matter, an issue we've talked about at length before, also somewhat recently, but I didn't bring up this time. Am I being unreasonable? He was saying I'm being paranoid. I just don't feel my family can deal with any more stressors, and he's not an insured motorist because he doesn't have a car. Is that fair, or is it paranoid? Am I being an asshole for being touchy about this? This is a pretty typical issue between us. Me being ""paranoid,"" him being ""rational."" I got pretty pissed at one point and brought that up, so he got upset and stopped wanting to talk to me. I told him essentially that he uses ""rational"" as a front to get what he wants. I said he puts down other people's views as irrational and says his are more rational, but they're not, it's just a tool. I mean, I'd have to write a book about us to communicate our sides on that. Anyway, that's what I said. Maybe it's a pretty asshole thing to say. Also, for a point"
745,"AITA for threatening a beggar On my normal rounds around college campus, there are often 1 or 2 beggars you run into. This is probably to be expected in my country, where poverty is rampant, and university kids are pretty privileged in comparison. I had a few encounters with one who I assumed a drunkard, who would spout bullshit lies about ""not being able to find his daughter"", and ""needing taxi fare home"". I always regretted not having the guts to tell the bugger to screw off of campus, and had given money to him several times (along with other beggars with happened to show up from time to time). Today there was a well-dressed woman who was walking around begging for a relatively small amount (in comparison to the drunkard), I had decided at some point that I was sick and tired of perpetuating this, I gave her what she asked for, but decided to call her out after: Me: ""Here take this, if I see you on campus again though I will definitely report you"" Her: *look of pure shock and then recomposes* ""Who would you report me to, and why sir? I am only collecting money to eat"" Me: ""There are many institutions set up which can provide for you"" (referring to food-for-the-poor type charities) Her: ""But I am a working woman, I work"" Me: ""But you can't say that and then come here and beg, you should go check out one of those places"" Her: [something along the lines of you don't understand] Me: ""Yeah I guess, I really am not an evil person, I just don't think that um.."" *fumbles over words* Her: ""Ok, well I have to go"" *walks off* Now Reddit tell me, Am I an Asshole? I was born pretty privileged in comparison, and I personally have had several situations where I've needed just a couple more dollars to get by. She really did seem harmless. I have no idea if needing food was a cover for something even worse going on in her life."
746,AITA not wanting gf to be friends with a girl that hates me. Ok so her friend hates me (I don't like her either) and recently during a separation my gf lived with this friend. During that time I was not allowed in her home (despite the exorbitant amount of rent she was paying her) including not being able to help her move in or later move out. The friend did not help at all either. Now this friend has kicked my gf out because of a situation (completely unrelated and no one fault) and is just being a total bitch about it. She wanted half the months rent for being there six days and only gave her two days notice to get out of her home knowing full well that she had nowhere to go. But she is torn up about losing a friend and is trying to maintain the friendship... Am I an asshole for not understanding how she could want to be friends with her still? Tldr: Gf is trying to fix/maintain a friendship with a girl who fucked her over and hates me am I an asshole for thinking it's stupid?
747,"AITA for expecting my girlfriend to do something about her (alleged) rapist? Sorry if this a little long, but I just need to get these thoughts somewhere out of just my own head. So ,LDR of about 2 months at the time(started in December), everything's fine. She visits me at school every other weekend, we text/call all the time, love hanging out with her etc. The ~second time she's visiting someone's blowing up her phone like all weekend, a text or a call every 5-10 minutes most of which she isn't even responding to. Naturally curious I ask who it is and she tells me it's her ex...who's also her manager at work(important to note). They had been long time friends through family, were together for maybe a year or two, and had broken it off roughly a year before we'd gotten together. Let's call him Craig. Her Craig started working at the same place at the same time, both had a chance at management but she declined because made more off tips than what management would've payed or something like that. We had talked about him before that day because she wanted to know if how I felt that they were still cool, to which I said sure; she likes me plenty so I didn't feel insecure about it , and if they were friends before it seemed like they should friends after being together unless it was a bad break up or something. whatevs. So I see some of the text Craig's sending while me and her are just chilling. It started off with him being salty about her switching shifts or something to come see me and had devolved into salty rambling about her coming to see me, how she's so ungrateful, etc. super jealous stuff about us being together. Shit goes on literally all day, we woke up to her phone going off every minute or so and only slept after she finally put her phone on silent and stopped replying all together. She hardly pays it any mind and neither do I. Most of his ramblings go unread by the both of us. A couple of conversations with her about her ex's in general (why they broke up, etc.) and we get to Craig. Come to find out, from what she tells me, dude's a fucking mess. Alcoholic, not in school, gets in fights all the time, **abusive**, etc. Makes me even less worried than I ever was that she might be interested in him, but abusive sticks out. She tells me a story about how he choked her out once and she thought she was going to die...so of course I'm thinking ""why are you even civil with this dude anymore?"" but I just leave it at half jokingly telling her I better not ever met him and I drop it. A month goes by and then there's a sudden, uncharacteristic silence from her. No phone calls from her, barely answering texts and taking way longer than usual to do so, doesn't want to visit, nothing"
748,"AITA for expecting presents at my 21st Birthday Party? I have to apologize in advance as I might truely be the asshole here but I've had a lot to drink tonight and i'm not thinking clearly. So I'm actually currently at my party, but its late and most of the guests have left and the rest (4 people) are staying the night. Its only been a small get together of 11 people (not including me or my partner). Of those 11 people only 3 gave me gifts. I had a similar get together last year for my 20th and got more (only one didn't get me anything) I'm not trying to be a selfish jerk or anything, I have aspergers (so black/white thinking) and bad self esteem and that might be clouding it too, but am I the asshole for being disappointed that hardly anyone got me anything? And in advance for anyone saying ""be patient its not over yet"" of the four people left, three gave gifts and one is the one who didn't get me anything last year. Thanks guys :)"
749,"AITA for my date leaving me at prom? So Saturday was prom and I took my ex-girlfriend who I am still good friends with. So we ate dinner and then hit the dance floor. I'm not a big dancer and when I do do stuff like that I prefer to not be with large groups of people. So not one song into the dance she starts to pull me into a circle and I kind of start to linger in the back and stay in the shadows. She then pulls me aside and ask me whats wrong. I explain that I don't like large groups and she says that she will avoid groups. We go back to the floor and within a minute she pulls me to a group and I stay back in the shadows. She then once again pulls me aside and I once again explain that I dont like large groups and she asks if its cool if she dances with other people and I say that it's cool. So I go back to the table and chill for a bit and then she comes over and asks whats wrong and I say I'm fine and I just want her to have a good time. She then sits at the table and talks to another of her friend. then a slow song starts playing and she asks me if I want to slow dance and I agree and we slow dance for about a half of a song then she leaves me to go dance with another person for another slow dance, witch I was fine with Then she goes off on me and leaves me at the table right before prom ends. When prom ends she is no where to be found and it turns out she got a ride from another person without telling me. Am I the asshole? An I the reason I had a horrible time at prom? and if so how do I go about fixing this? **EDIT**: of course this is only my side of the story. I included the slow dance part to shed light on the fact that my date was trying to make my night a good night. She's not a bad person but sometimes she can make rash decisions on small details and same goes with me. I just want to know who was in the wrong."
750,"AITA For leaving a group of friends during a hang out donwtown to go meet up with different freinds We were just hanging out not doing too much out downtown, and some of my other friends walked by so i joined them and left my friends. AITA?"
751,"AITA for being upset at a friend? My boyfriend and I are friends with a married couple, we’ve both known the husband for close to 15 years. He is considered a brother and is very much family, he’s hard to get ahold of, but generally loves to hang out and do things. His wife whom we also love is the route through which we communicate/make plans. We’re planning a large outdoor activity trip and have given everyone 6 months of notice (to request off or whatever) with reminders every few weeks. We do this trip every year and it’s slowly getting larger and larger as more people become interested. I am responsible for all of the planning, directions, reservations, packing lists, food reservations, making sure everyone arrives on time, payment is gathered and safety/emergency forms are signed. We started with 8 people, this year there are 30+ people expected to come. We personally invited them a couple months ago and watched them both input it excitedly in their calendars, we’ve talked about the upcoming trip a few times since then, they both requested off work. Everything is a go, they said they were going and everyone is excited as this is the first year they’re able to come with us and everyone else who is attending loves hanging out with them as well. For the last 3 weeks they’ve not returned calls or texts, which isn’t necessarily unusual, but is irritating. So scrolling through social media I find out from a week old post that they are taking a 9 day trip ending the day AFTER our outing is supposed to happen. This is the first I’ve heard they were not coming on our trip. Which is now only 25 days away. I tried to bring it up without sounding like an asshole, I commented on the post with “Soooo you guys aren’t coming on the trip? :(” and she replied with “I don’t think so sorry :(” with not another word about it. Am I the asshole for being upset about this? TLDR: friend didn’t cancel long standing plans with us before deciding on another trip. I found out through other means. ETA: My boyfriend thinks that I'm overreacting by being so upset, but this isn't the first time she/they have been inconsiderate."
752,"AITA for not wanting to drive my sister everywhere? My sister is 23, I am 18. I have a car, she hasn't had a car in probably 2 years. I always drive her to the gym, or a friend's house, or whatever to the point that I have to fill up on gas once a week at least, and she doesn't pay for anything. Now that I am out of college for the summer, she's asking me more often to take her places. AITA for not wanting to? I mean, I have no reason to say no other than just not wanting to... EDIT: We do live together at our mother's house. It's only 20 minutes from my University so I thought ""Why not save money for a few years?"" My father, who is not my sister's dad, pays for the insurance on the car, but both he and I are on the title because he lives in another state and I had a police officer stalking me because the car was still registered in his state. He gave it to me towards the end of my sophomore year of high school. He pays the insurance and for emergency maintenance, but I pay for everything else. One of the conditions though of me having his car was that no one other than me and him, and of course my mother (because she's my mother and I will always respect what she asks of me), can drive it. Also, due to my sister's driving history, I don't really trust it anyway. As for why my sister doesn't have a car, my mom got her a car when she was in high school, then she went off to college and kept parking in places that she wasn't supposed to and kept getting it towed. Finally, my mom got tired of it and took the car back from where it was sitting in a tow lot about to be sold for being there too long. My sister leased a car, got into an accident. Got another crappy car, had another accident without insurance, then got into some legal issues. Ever since then, and after moving back home, she's been driving my mom's car to work and using me for rides. She's been living with us ever since. She also doesn't have any money to buy a car because she owes student loans and for stealing about $1,000+ from my mom's credit card. I'm probably driving her about 40+ miles a week. Alternatives would be Uber, or a taxi, but my thing is that she's making all of these plans with friends to go to all of these places and parties so why can't she get her friends to drive her to said places? Why make the plans and then ask me or my mom if we have the possibility of saying no and then she's SOL about getting to said places that she planned to go to? Another note would be that my car is 16 years old and has almost 300,000 miles on it."
753,"AITA for thinking that people shouldn't give unsolicited, uninformed advice? I graduated from school last year with an advanced degree, and I'm still looking for a ""real job"". What I've found is that everybody wants to give me their 2 cents on what I should do. Family, friends, even strangers... They all seem to think they know what's best for me. They're genuinely just trying to be helpful, but I think that offering advice without asking me where I'm at or where I want to be, and in many cases without even knowing my background or my interests, is either rude, arrogant or both. Am I the asshole for thinking that they should either take the initiative to learn more about the situation or just shut the hell up?"
754,"AITA for blocking my roommates phone number? This past year I moved to a new city and had to find some random people to be my roommates. I found these two girls online, and they seemed pretty normal, we had mutual friends, etc. etc. One of them is really friendly, but the other I've been having really strange, passive aggressive conflicts with. The first time I met her she was too drunk to form words, and I've never been able to really have a conversation with her for the whole six months I've been living here. When I attempt to say anything to her, she will either completely ignore me or give me very curt answers. Sometimes she locks herself out and texts me, but besides that she will always rudely avoid me. I'm not really sure what her deal is about me, I have stayed out of her way pretty much the whole year. Buut, last night she texted me the longest, most dramatic text about something really insignificant that happened earlier that day. Obviously some rage or tension has been building up and she chose a really dumb situation to pour it all out. The next day I tried calling her to see if she was okay and have a conversation about the tension, but she denied the call. I then texted her and tried express how I was feeling, and that I was concerned about all the rage coming out at once. Unfortunately, though, instead of having a real human conversation, she just answered in very short texts like ""Got it"" or ""Yep, I agree."" I was really frustrated about this, especially since getting those long explosive texts gives me really intense anxiety. I feel like I'm getting a heart attack every time someone texts me something dramatic. So, in an effort to maybe have a real conversation, I decided to block her number. If she asks, I'll explain why I did it. Its rude of me to block the number, but its also rude to completely ignore my existence. The thing is, I'm not sure if this is furthering the hole of passive agressiveness. What if she gets locked out, or if there's an emergency? I honestly wish cellphones didn't exist so I didn't have to have these super dramatic text conversations that really just mean nothing. I also want to stop getting high anxiety when I'm at work or with friends. Any thoughts?"
755,"AITA for taking the lead after friends failed their task? Hello, I am just so confused. Me, my bf and a friend (they/them) planned to go to a big convention together. I went alone the last four years, now they want to join me. I organized the tickets and asked them in march to find a cheap place to stay at during the trip, since we are going to spend a few days at the con. However, none of them made even the slightest effort to do this. It's a big con, hotels are either expensive or dont have any vacant rooms months prior to the con. You have to be fast and to book early. Fast forward to yesterday. I asked them how things are going. They told me they found one place for 1800€. I told them I couldnt afford this even the slightest and if that was the cheapest? They said they didnt find anything else. So I got up and did a quick Airbnb research. I messaged two hosts. And today I got an answer from one of them, stating we could spend our days there. I was happy and told both my bf and our friend about my success in finding something. Well, they werent happy. Not happy at all. They were super angry at me, saying I wouldnt trust them to find a place to stay. They said I shouldnt have done this and instead should have let them do the searching instead. I am so confused right now!! Why would they be mad at me for doing what I have told them to do months ago? Am I the asshole in this situation for taking the lead because they failed their task?"
756,"AITA because my friend was kicked from the band? Okay, first off I'm not involved in this, I am a third party friend of both involved and just want to see what everyone thinks. My friends are both in a band together and play regularly play in pubs/bars and can be hired for weddings or birthday parties. It's a cover band with a brass section that gives it a bit of an edge. Friend number one, (Tim) has been a member since the beginning, originally the drummer now a trumpet player. He recruited friend number two (Mike) sometime ago as the new drummer. Many people have come and gone in this band by their own choice but this is the first time someone has been kicked. The Story: So, Tim has been kicked from the band by the lead singer (Sean) (also an original member) and by Mike (who does the majority of the behind the scenes work with organising dates and moving gear etc). He has been kicked as he wishes to pick and choose which gigs he shows up for and which practice sessions he shows up for. Basically he wants to show up as he pleases so as to make money. Last summer Tim was given €500 by the band so that he may pursue marching band aspirations in the states (we're Irish). This was a gift from the band and he proceeded to spend this money on a brand new iPod, so, did he really have to accept this money? Not only this but he has lied constantly when not showing up for gigs (found by other band members in nightclubs when he was meant to be playing that night etc). When Mike and the Sean came to him with the problem he tried to pull rank on Mike despite the fact that Tim does no work but playing on the night, when the rest of the band is setting up gear he drinks at the bar. I'm not even in the band and I help set up when I'm around. Adding to this, once Tim had been kicked he decided to call his relatives who work in the tax office and is reporting Sean for not having paid taxes on any of his music ventures. This obviously effects everyone in the band. Even if he does not follow through its still a threat and he has claimed the others are not his friends yet he makes threats like these. Main points: 1. Mike & Tim both in band. 2. Tim and Sean are original members, Mike is not 3. Tim wishes to pick and chooses when he shows up and to do as little work as possible. 4. Mike does the majority of the behind the scenes work. 5. Tim received €500 from band to pursue marching band aspirations in states. He then spent this money on an iPod, an unnecessary purchase. 6. Tim pulled rank on Mike, Tim being an original member. 7. Sean chooses to kick Tim as he, Mike, and everyone else in the"
757,"AITA: For being upset with my ""friends"" for leaving me out of a group chat? I recently discovered that all my friends at work, some I'm super close with and others just general friends I speak to regularly are all in a group chat, which I wasn't invited to, its not new they've had it a couple months now from what I can gather. The way I see it, one of 2 things happened. 1. No one thought of me and no one cared to bring up that I wasn't apart of it 2. There was a reason that I'm not allowed to join. I know there isn't a reason, I get along very well with everyone in the group, so I was quite upset that I've been left out. Also, I told a close friend that I felt like a black sheep because of it and asked her to swear not to tell anyone as I know it makes me look like a bitch but shes gone and told someone already. Am I in the wrong or is it okay for me to feel upset?"
758,"AITA For being pissed at my friend for dating my cousin…who I had a crush on Throwaway for VERY obvious reasons. This thought has been lingering on my mind and I just recently found this subreddit. Everyone here seems cool and level headed so it seems like a great place to ask for an opinion. So we begin with the cousin backstory. We aren't blood related (more like a step cousin) and I met her in my early teens. The moment I saw her I fell for her and was a little confused and shocked when I learned that she was my cousin shortly after our meeting. My heart wasn't having it though and I ended up keeping that crush on her for about 5 years. I made several plans to confess my strange affection but I always pussied out but that never stopped me from becoming hulk mode whenever she brought her boyfriend at the time around. I definitely wouldn't have to ask y'alls opinion on THAT one! I know I was the asshole! Anyway during the 5th year of my crush on her, She moved in with my family and I realized the difficulties and our incompatibilities of our ""potential"" relationship and I finally gave up. I no longer share romantic feelings with her but I still feel protective of her. Now for my friend. We have been friends since elementary school. We used to hangout a lot and we were cool. In our younger years, we were kind of assholey to each other but what kids weren't? As we grew older, we grew more mature and our friendship did as well. While it did seem he was always trying to one up me, we still were close. During year 3 of my crush, I told him about my feelings towards my cousin. He didn't treat me like a freak or make fun of me. He received and acted very well…that is until time wore on. Its worth mentioning that year 3 was the year that my friend and cousin met so it made sense that I told him. Also worth mentioning that my cousin was with a guy at this time. My friend started acting flirtacious with my cousin and it was pissing me off. She was my crush so I thought it was messed up. She expressed to me that it made her uncomfortable that he tried so hard and even said that SHE DIDNT LIKE HIM AND THAT HE WASN'T ATTRACTIVE (remember this. Obvious saltiness, sorry). So a few times I have had to pull him aside to tell him to cool it, which he would for awhile but then he would start with his shenanigans again. By the third time I had it so I told him to stop because I was in love with her and I felt like he was stepping on my toes. FINALLY he officially cooled it…for about a year and a half. Time marches on. A little after 5th year and my cousin is single, I have no romantic feelings for"
759,"AITA for telling my brother he can't have friends over whenever he wants? Theres a bit of backstory to this question. I live with my father, I'll just call him Dad, while my brother, Alex I'll call him, lives with my mother. Before the divorce, Dad was the breadwinner no doubt. Now, Alex guilts me into doing a lot of things for him. The way he sees it, I'm supposedly more privileged than him because I live with Dad and Dad is able to treat me to a higher standard of living than Alex. While he tries to exploit me like this, the two things I ask are that he tells me when he has friends over and that he cleans up after them. He regularly does neither. His excuse for never telling me when he's having friends over is that its his house too, he doesn't answer to me. Tonight, after a long day of shit being thrown my way, I told him he's not allowed to have friends over tonight. Furthermore, I told him he's never allowed to have friends over again if he doesn't clean up the messes around the house left from the last few days of him having friends over. He's cleaning the house right now as I write this. The way I see it, he tries to have it both ways, not live at Dads house and guilt me into doing things because of it, and saying he lives at Dads house so he can do anything he wants in it. Am I the asshole for doing what I did? EDIT: Dad travels a lot for work. He's really only home for a week or two out of the month. Because of that, it falls to me to make sure the house doesn't burn down. That's why I also treat it as my responsibility to make rules for my house."
760,"AITA for not giving up my seat on a plane? First time posting here so let me know if I make any formatting mistakes. The incident in question happened a few months ago but it has been bugging me ever since so I thought I would submit it for your guys' judgment. I was boarding a very full plane and had an aisle seat. When I was almost to my row, I noticed a woman telling a man in my row that he was in her seat (window seat). He moved without a fuss, but proceeded to sit in my aisle seat. Once I reached the row, I tried to lte him know that I thought he was in the wrong seat. He got a bit upset and claimed that he had the aisle seat. Now at this point, I am getting a bit flustered as well because I really struggle in social situations and there are people waiting behind me to get to their seats in the back of the plane. To try and prove to him that he is in my seat and resolve the problem ASAP, I show him my boarding pass which clearly says 19C (aisle seat). However, he then continued to insist that the aisle seat is his. Eventually, a flight attendant comes over and I show her my ticket and she asks the man to move over a seat, which he does (albeit unhappily). I get and few glares from the people who had to wait behind me while he wouldn't let me in my seat, but at that time I felt that I was in the right. However, after we had both sat down I realized that because he was a rather large man, he might have wanted the window or aisle seat in order to not intrude on the personal space of the passengers on both sides of him. I offered to switch seats with him, but he refused. I felt bad about the whole situation the entire plane ride, especially since I am a very shy person so standing up for myself isn't really something I'm really used to and in this case standing up for myself made me feel like I had done the wrong thing. Did I do the wrong thing? Or am I just overthinking this?"
761,"AITA for being irritated that my girlfriend is smoking in all of a sudden? Hi guys, My girlfriend rarely smokes. Last time she did that was 5 months ago. And I don't really like it. I have said that to her, but if she wants to do that, its her choice. So we left it at that. Now she is in America and in all of a sudden she is smoking. I overheard something at the phone that she is smoking again. Now I said: I don't like that you are smoking but that is your own choice, but you could have said it. Now you did it in secret and you kept that away from me. That gives me the feeling Am I wrong to be irritated? She doesnt understand it."
762,"AITA for getting kicked out of this interview? The title is slightly exaggerating, I wasn't exactly forced out. I'm a college student and I applied to work at a fast food place near my house for the summer. There's also a location right outside my school's campus. I put that I went to that university on my application and they called me in for an interview. I went in today and the manager made us (it was a group interview) wait for fifteen minutes before finally deciding to show up. She asked where I went to school and when I told her where it was (about three hours from the location) she stopped me and basically told me it was a waste to continue the interview. She said that it would be a loss for them to hire me and that I could go through with the rest of the interview but I absolutely would not be hired and I should probably go. I asked her if she was saying that I should leave and she said yes. All of this happened in front of a large crowd of people and other candidates. Needless to say I was super embarrassed and kind of angry. Am I the asshole for being completely pissed off at this woman or is this professional?"
763,"AITA for not wanting to help my brother cheat? Okay, so I'm back home for the summer (health calls for it) and my younger brother is finishing his last year of high school online (due to his hearing and learning disabilities). My mother has complained for the last two years that my brother has never done any work, but I haven't had a first-hand account of this due to me being away at college. (I gave him the benefit of the doubt because my mom is mentally unstable and for other reasons that aren't necessary to disclose.) However, now that I'm home, all I see him do is play video games for hours on end-literally from the moment he gets up to the moment my mother comes home from work (a good 8-9 hours a day). He scrambles to finish 2-3 assignments per day to make it seem like he's working (in reality, this is a terrible strategy since he has 8 classes). He gets into these terrible anger fits when he can't play so nobody ever has stopped him until I came home. It doesn't help that I am (not can be, but am) a bossy cunt-I get pissed that he doesn't do his work and start ordering him around (totally my fault for losing my temper, I know). Now, fast forward to the past week or so-my brother needs to finish his work in the next two weeks or else he has to postpone something super important that has been planned since birth (almost out of the question to postpone). So my mom has started asking me to 'check' my brother's work-apparently I didn't catch the memo that this meant 'do' his work, and when I didn't comply (because that is cheating) she said (and I quote): ""You know what's cheating? Us giving you the money to take your GREs. Other kids out there have to work for that test and you just stole the money from us. You had an unfair advantage over those other kids. Now THAT'S real cheating."" Naturally, I pulled a major bitch fit and spent five minutes almost yelling at her for various reasons, and stormed off. I guess she became apologetic because she tried to talk to me but I didn't respond (because no), and now she's pissed (my mother is currently at an atomic bomb level pissed). My brother is also mad at me because he thinks that diploma equals 'advanced tutoring'. I understand my reaction was over the top-I'm not good at developing arguments when I'm angry so I know it didn't turn out well. However, I don't like feeling used and the concept of cheating isn't something I want to instill in my brother. TL;DR: mom and bro wanted me to cheat, got pissed & said no, WW3 at house."
764,"AITA: my boyfriend rented me a cello for Christmas, now he wants me to pay the return shipping... of course it's a bit me involved than that. So here's the scoop. My boyfriend rented a cello for me for Christmas, it was very sweet. He knows I love the cello, but I haven't played for 18 years and even then I was a beginner. So, I get this cello, awesome. Then I break my back. Seriously, I had to get my spine plated and fused. As soon as I started healing (about 4 months later), I had to have knee surgery. I was unable to play the cello in the 6 months I had it. So now it is time to send the cello back and he's upset that I haven't played it. I get it, but I was physically unable. Now he wants me to pay the $100 return shipping fee. I've been out of work since the beginning of the year. I have no money, and I don't go back to work for another month. I told him I can't afford it. Now we are fighting about it. Am I the ass hole for not paying the return shipping?"
765,"AITA; My girlfriend of 5 years suddenly decided she wanted a cat knowing full well I'm allergic and don't like them? Hopefully you can leave party affiliations aside for this but I'm not a fan of cats. Definitely a dog person and this has been true forever. My girlfriend (21) is about to move into an apartment with a friend. This friend owns a cat and it lives at the apartment. She's moving from her parents home where she currently has a cat and dog. Part of her decision to move was to be about fifteen minutes closer to school and to live with her friend, knowing this would mean seeing less of her pets and losing some space. She claims she has wanted this cat for a while but I haven't heard a word about it and I'm convinced that the new friend has sort of convinced her to get this new cat. We talked (maybe even argued) about this on and off for almost 7 hours today while I was at work and now she's just worked up and upset that I'm not validating her feelings or understanding her point of view. So here I am trying to understand. We've been dating for a long time, she knows I'm not a cat person, we have some loose plans to move in together next fall, so any decision made now has to sort of consider that. As far as actual reasoning goes, this is what she has shared with me; she's worried if she doesnt get a cat now, she won't have the chance to later. She wants the other girls cat to have a friend. And that's it. Nothing about wanting something to take care of, come home to, or anything actually emotional or meaningful in my opinion. I don't see why she cant just enjoy having the extra time with her friend and the other cat and even see her own pets on weekends or whenever she wants to drive home. On top of that she's starting a new job and still has a year left of school so she has plenty to keep her occupied without having to take care of an animal. Feel free to ask questions but I'm working on getting to sleep soon so I may not answer until morning. Hopefully someone can provide some sort of insight because the whole situation feels like a really juvenile and pointless arguement. Edit: thanks for the replies everyone. We took some time to think and found the deeper issue behind this cat fiasco and we were able to take steps towards solving it. These different perspectives helped me out a lot."
766,"AITA for not wanting to move house as soon as possible? A bit of background. My wife and I have been looking for a new apartment to rent. We've only been looking for a couple of weeks. We've saved up enough money to cover agents fee, a deposit and the first month's rent but we agreed that we would tell agents/landlords that we are looking to move in at the beginning of next month. We both get paid at the end of the month meaning we would have plenty left over ater fees for any appliances, furniture etc we needed after we moved. We've seen about 5 apartments so far. A couple of them, we realised, were a little out of our price range. One or two were a bit too far away from our jobs and family. A few days ago, we viewed a gorgeous apartment that was well within our budget, was in a nice area, and was only 1 mile from where we work. Plus, the owner was a private landlord so there were no agents fees to pay. We told the landlord we hoped to move in around the 1st July but we would pay the deposit there and then in order to secure the apartment. The landlord seemed to like us but said he had another couple arriving in an hour who wanted to view the apartment. He agreed to call us later that day to let us know if we had got the apartment. True to his word, the guy called us that evening to give us the news that unfortunately he had given the apartment to the other couple as were willing to move in the very next day. Now, where it gets tricky is that in the time between us viewing the apartment and the guy calling to give us the news my wife decided that she wanted to move in straight away and not in early July as we'd discussed. She insists she told me this but I cannot for the life of me remember that conversation. I am usually quite attentive so either my concentration lapsed or she told me when I was in another room. Or she thought she told but actually didn't. It's been two days and she is still pissed because we should have taken the apartment straight away. She insists it's my fault because I ""didn't listen to her"". Am I in the wrong? Feel free to ask questions if you want more context. I just feel like I'm being punished for something I didn't do."
767,"AITA Cleaning the Kitchen The following exchange took place today between 11am and 7pm. Oombao desired pizza. The first step to making pizza is cleaning the kitchen. Oombao cleaned the kitchen. Floors: mopped, counters: scrubbed, cutting boards & knives: spotless. Enter: Jiebaseo . Jiebaseo displaced Oombao , and prepared chinese food using the recently cleaned knives and cutting boards. Jiebaseo inquired whether they were in Oombao 's way. Oombao stated ""how 'in-my-way' you are will be determined by how clean the cutting board is when you're done,"" and vacated the kitchen in favour of cleaning the dining room. Time elapsed and Jiebaseo was ""done"" with the kitchen. They declared that they were going to lie down and put in some eye drops, which Oombao knew to be a euphemism for taking a nap. Not wanting to clean the kitchen twice in one day, Oombao stated the following: ""You've left the knife edge-down on a plate again. I've told you repeatedly not to do that and now I'm going to have to sharpen it again. Also you've dirtied two cutting boards, and there's rice all over the counter. You have made a mess."" Jiebaseo stated that Oombao was picking on them, and had a nap. When they awoke, Oombao had re-cleaned the kitchen and was now in a bad mood. Oombao was not polite in informing Jiebaseo of this reality. Jiebaseo again stated that they were being picked on, and suggested that the house would be cleaner if it had fewer things in it, namely the possessions belonging to Oombao; and it would be were they all absent. Oombao took offense at the suggestion and informed Jiebaseo that they were too fat and lazy to effectively pursue such a course of action. But, if Jiebaseo wished to make a contest of it, Oombao would gladly go tit-for-tat."
768,"AITA for not seeing a long distance friend Just to be clear, it's not that I DON'T want to to see my friend but simply that I can't promise that I'm going to be able to. So pretty much I have this friend on XBox (I'll call him Bill) that I met about 3 years ago who I talked to every once in awhile. He lives in Indiana and me North Carolina (about a 10 hour drive). Another friend from work is familiar with Bill and could probably call him a friend. I have classes in June but Bill is talking about coming all the way to NC for a weekend. My work friend is excited and whatnot but I've expressed how I can't make any promises that i will be able to make it considering school and whatnot. Work friend is telling me shit like ""He's coming down to see you"" and ""He's YOUR friend"" even though the work friend is the only reason I talk to Bill as much (making a groupchat for us for example). I don't find it fair to say you're gonna drive 10 hours to hangout for the weekend without even discussing it first and THEN just expect me to be on board for it. I'm not the kind of person who's gonna make a promise I can't keep and when I told this to work friend, they said I was being ""rude""."
769,"AITA: For wanting my gf to think about me first before acting/agreeing to different plans? We normally travel together to a sports event on Tuesday's so I have to leave early from work to get home, eat and get changed. We've had a break from the activity recently for about two months and today if the first time we are going again. Last night I considered packing my stuff to be able to go straight from work but thought my gf would be put out that we weren't travelling together so I didn't bother. Today she messages saying she's getting a lift with her flatmate because it's easier than meeting me. But I'm already at work this point, so I have to leave early to go home now anyways. Apparently she decided this ages ago but forgot to tell me. This is just the most recent time, it happens with bigger things too.-' I right or wrong to be a little annoyed that I think of her first and change my plans whereas she just does what she fancies with me a last minute consideration?"
770,"AITA for not wanting to wear a condom I'm in a committed relationship and she would rather me wear condoms than her go on the pill so am I the asshole Btw my girlfriend isn't not saying she won't go on it she is unsure about it It's not like I'm say ""the pill or me "" I'm saying "" can we try the pill because condoms will make me not have sex with u"
771,"AITA For not letting my friend sleep on my couch? He's a childhood friend. In recent years he has gotten himself drug addictions, meth and heroin. He got his kids taken away a few months ago and he's trying to get back on track, despite slipping up all the time, I still love him (no homo) but it's starting to tear me up inside. We'll make plans to chill but come time I can't get a hold of him. a few days later he'll show up at my place and tell me slipped up and wants to get his life back on track, like a broken record, until he finally decided for himself to move back in with his parents. So weeks go by and I don't hear from him because I'm thinking he's clear across town at his parents rather than a few blocks away from his old house but he asked around 9:00 if he could stop by for a bit to figure out what he's doing. I say sure and he arrives with many fresh pick marks and looking very gaunt he tells me he's finally moving into his parents (same thing he said weeks ago) and out of his house then he asks if I could give him a ride but unfortunately I only have 1 car and it wouldn't be back until my SO gets home from work at 1:00AM so he mentions he has a bus token but then he falls asleep on my couch and I mean he is Zonked didn't stir from an awkward sitting neck kinked sleep for hours until my SO gets home at 1:15 I then wrestle with him to wake up so I can take him home only for him to tell me it's to late for him to go to his parents, he doesn't have a key, he hasn't officially moved in, and he didn't tell where else he could go. Now my SO is very frustrated and I'm pretty frustrated too although she doesn't want him to stay here at all. she doesn't trust him and I don't blame her. So I'm stuck between a rock and a hard place as they say. After sitting in an awkward silence for an awkwardly long time I get the idea to shimmy open this trailer behind my apartment that was being used by my homeless friend last summer, now he has a place but he never picked it up. I open it and it's just filthy inside and the bed looks terrible but my SO won't budge on letting him sleep on the couch... I feel terribly ill to my stomach and just wish so many things were different than the reality of it all."
772,"AITA for really liking this Merle Haggard song? for reference: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=epnqisvSCwo I'm a White Boy by Merle Haggard It's racist as hell. i recognize that. it's from a different time, i recognize that. Hell, it's basically just a song protesting affirmative action. Merle was never the most forward thinking man, but damn if it isn't the catchiest song i've ever heard. I'm a huge Merle Haggard fan and I love this song, but people keep trying to point out to me that I can't love this song without being a racist. Thoughts?"
773,"AITAH for not letting people pass me in the line at the airport? A while back I was waiting in a long line at the airport, I think it was to get through security but it may have been to check in (but it was *not* to get on the plane). It was a winding line marked by those retractable barriers, so the order was very clear. This was a long line that I ended up waiting in for more than 30 minutes. I decided during this time to re-arrange some of my possessions in my luggage. Although I moved up in the line when I could, at one point I had to go deep into my suitcase and over the course of a few minutes (maybe 2-3 minutes) a decent-sized gap opened up between me and the person in front of me in the line (perhaps 15-20 feet). I was nowhere close to the beginning of the line at this time. The group behind me asked if they could go ahead of me, because there was space for them to stand there. I said no, because IMO the space didn't matter, only the order in the line. Although there was a physical gap in space in front of me, this wasn't impacting the actual progression of the queue at all, since there was still a long wait ahead of me. There was also plenty of empty space in the back of the line. I felt it was fair that I keep my place in the line. After this point an employee at the airport opened up the barriers to allow this group (and others) to get in front of me. I ended up waiting several minutes longer because I lost my place in the line order as a result. Am I the asshole for wanting to keep my place in the order of the line even though I was rearranging my luggage?"
774,"AITA For riding on the sidewalk when there is no biking lane? arlier today I was riding through town after work and it was a very busy street and no biking lane so I rode on the sidewalk as I usually do. I crossed an intersection and continued on the sidewalk when I rode by a man and an older lady I stopped the bike and went to the very side when the guy walks by and shouts ""theres a biking lane!!!"". I was gonna shout back but I restrained myself not wanting to start something and I continued on my trek So was I the asshole for not riding on the bikelane less street??"
775,"AITA for getting mad at my parents for my dads drinking problem? I'm mad at my mother because, (without going into detail) I feel she enables the problem. I'm mad at my dad because he's destroying himself. I think he's selfish for it. I can't even address the problem without him snapping and getting in a mood I am angry and it's so noticeable to my family members, but I can't admit why I'm angry because it'll turn into an argument"
776,"AITA for feeling weird about my girlfriend's night out? Basic backstory: I met this girl online, fell in love with her, and moved 1000 miles and into Mexico to be with her. The conflict: One Saturday we were supposed to go to a little reunion my girlfriend and her old classmates put together. I had been in Mexico for about two weeks at this point, didn't know anybody, didn't speak the language, and didn't even have internet on at my house yet. The day of the reunion came, and I texted her to ask when we were leaving to go that night. Her response was that she needed to ask her friends, but she thought they were going to flake. And she said if they flake she just wants to spend the night alone and just be by herself. Being totally alone in this place, I was kinda frustrated. I told her that sucks because I was looking forward to doing something that night, and she said sorry, but she needs time alone (""I need to be by myself for a while.""). I said alright. It made some sense because between us, school, and her family, she wasn't getting as much time alone as she was used to. I didn't like it because given the circumstances I had a ton of time alone, but I wasn't going to try to force her to do anything. Later that day I asked if they flaked, and she said yeah. I asked what she'll do for the night, and she said she didn't know, maybe just stay home or go to a pub near her house. That night I asked if she decided what she was going to do, and she said that she's going to pick her friend Joe up to go to the bar near her house because he was supposed to be playing in the band there that night. I felt weird, and I told her that. Because she specifically said ""alone"" and ""by myself"" a few times, and then she was going to pick another guy up to go to a bar. (A guy who was kinda odd towards her. We were in the mall one day, and he excitedly waved to her. On our way out she got a notification that he posted that he was with her at the mall. He was also always asking her to party or where the party is or to get high with him.) I messaged her that night/morning to ask if she got home alright, and she said yeah. I asked how the night went, and she said that she and Joe just hung out and drank. I asked how he was hanging out, drinking, and playing, and she said that he wasn't playing. He wasn't supposed to play that night. I told her it's really weird that she was insistent on needing to be alone and by herself then went out with another guy. And not only that but that she told me he was going to play but really wasn't going"
777,"AITA for asking my bf to wait before eating? We both have some pretty hardcore issues with getting chores done. I hate cleaning up after him, and he hates cleaning up after himself. We'd left the dishes entirely too long and I was finally tackling them. I was almost done cleaning off the stove (which was covered in fish fry oil splatter from his cooking the other night) and he came in to cook something for himself. I asked him to wait until I'd finished cleaning it off, and he went and sulked at his computer. I quickly finished, told him I was done, and he replied that he'd wait until I was out of the (smallish) kitchen since I'd yelled at him last time. I did raise my voice, when he came up to hunch over me as I was washing a rather large skillet and trying to rinse it in the small, shallow sink before putting it in the dishwasher. I told him to back up after bumping against him a couple times. I'm sure I sounded annoyed. Am I the asshole?"
778,"AITA for not supporting my ex? This happened a while back, I hope that's not a problem. I've always been confused by it, though. Context: The coffee shop I used to go to gave out a chip with your purchase, which you could put in a container that dictated where they would donate a small percentage of your purchase. At the time my then gf was studying optometry and is pretty passionate about the career. Situation: One day we got coffee together and she noticed that I put my chip in a bin that had something do with homeless people, and there was another bin that had something to do with supporting an eye care clinic I think. Forgive me not remembering the details. She said I should have donated to the clinic because she cares very greatly about it. She said I wasn't supporting her. Homeless people make me sad, though. AITA? edit: I remember she added that because it was such a small gesture, it shouldn't have been a big deal to accommodate her."
779,"AITA for not calling or texting? Hi Reddit. I hope you can help me. I feel like I should let you know a little background info. I have Aspergers and see things very much in black and white. I am married. I have five kids ranging between 12 and 1 year old. I work part-time. My coworker, Nala works full time. She is 23 with no kids. So I guess the situation started a couple months ago. Nala mentioned in passing her mom told her she had a month to find a place of her own. She often talks about her mom not letting her have a key and her mom telling her she wants her to find a place to live. A month goes by and I find out through Facebook that her mom went out of town for the weekend and she has no where to go. I message her and say just come sleep on my couch for the weekend. She does. Sunday she goes back to her mom's house. Two more weeks go by. Now her mom is not letting her in the house at all. I talk to my husband and we let tell her she can couch surf at our house. We are led to believe this will be a short term arrangement, after all she has supposedly been preparing to move from her mom's house. I allocate a drawer in the fridge for her, i begin putting some things together for her that we have around the house. A kitchen table, TV stand, pots, pans, cups, rugs, I even go to some yard sales and get some things for her. We have never asked her for any money for rent, or using our things, or eating our food. Four weeks go by. I let her know we have an out of trip coming up in two weeks. I let her know she will need to find somewhere to stay while we are gone for five days and the exact dates we will be gone. A week before our trip she goes and sees an apartment. She says she likes it but won't have the money for it till Friday (payday and day one of our trip). I let her know that sounds good, but just make sure she has arrangements in case anything falls through since I will be out of town. I also ask another co-worker if they will make sure she has a place to go and help her out while I am gone if she needs it. Day one of our trip comes. She texts and says she can't meet the apartment man that day. He works opposite shift of her. I respond can you meet him tomorrow? She says he could only meet her in the morning. She then says idk what I am going to do. I don't respond. I am States away. I figure she is OK for a couple days. She is off on the following day (day three of our trip). Surely the apartment man and she"
780,"AITA for not wanting to spend $225 for a limo ride? One of my best friends is having a bachelor party next weekend in NYC. A friend of his planned out the evening and booked a 12-14 person limo for 9 people. However, he did not consult us before he booked it and then told us it will cost $225 per person. The limo will take us to the city, drive us around to our destinations and take us back home afterwards. Although this is great, I think it is very expensive, and unfair not to ask us before he paid for it. He now expects us to pay him back by the end of the week. A few of the attendees, including myself, have low paying jobs and this is not a small cost by any means. I really think there could have been a better way to plan transportation and I feel if I back out, not only will I cost everyone more money, but I'll look like a jerk. I understand you cannot put a price on friendship, but I can't be the only one who thinks this is a little crazy to ask."
781,"AITA for not wanting to use my card to pay for my friends' Uber ride? My friends dragged me into going to an amusement park with them. I agree to go only to make my season pass worth it. They are all going because they already purchased tickets to go to a concert within the amusement park. I, on the other hand, had no access to this concert. They told me I could just go on rides while they were at the concert... I don't have any money for a concert ticket because I spent my money on a season pass a few weeks prior to these plans. In an iMessage group chat, the topic of how we were going to get there comes up. None of us can drive because we are all teenagers without licenses. We try our parents but none of them are willing to drive us there. An idea pops up in one of my friends head: Uber. Okay let's just use an Uber that could fit all six of us (expensive) to go to a place that is miles away from where we live (even more expensive.) Keep in mind this would be doubled because they were planning to take Uber to and from the amusement park. I ask them how they're going to pay for this Uber and whether there will be an Uber drive who will be willing to drive 6 kids to an amusement park for 2 hours. Especially when we leave it will be 10 pm at night. We needed a card for Uber anyway and everyone claimed they only carry cash. One girl, let's call her Dana, suggests that I pay for the Uber, using the fact that she remembers that I had one against me. I don't have much money in my debit card because what goes in there is basically allowance money and gift money. I tell her in private that I don't want to use my card. Dana replies with, ""Why Not?"" I told her if she had her own card she would understand. Well this private conversation with her gets screenshotted and sent to the group chat where we were making plans. So much for private messaging. Everyone is in the chat act offended and say ""exposed!!!!!!!"" They tell me that they're going to give me money so I can put it in my card before we go on the trip. But how are they so sure that what they will give me will cover their ride? And they aren't even considering the fact that it takes time out of my life to meet up with them, get the money, and deposit it in my bank. I tell them I don't want and they act upset. I know I'm the only one with a debit card but I just don't feel comfortable with using it for this. Sorry if this was confusing to read. Am I the asshole? TL;DR: Friends want me to use my card to pay for an expensive Uber ride that will carry 6 people"
782,"AITA for moving out on a mentally ill/poor friend who needs me? We live in the most expensive city in US. We're roommates. His mental illness is such that he can only trust few people to live with him. He doesn't make a ton of money. I gave him 3 month's notice and told him I'm moving in my with S/O. He flips his shit, tells me I haven't given him enough time to save money for a big move like that. He'd just blown thousands of dollars on tattoos. Why didn't I tell him sooner? Unlike me he didn't come from a coddled rich family etc etc etc. For 2 months he's made passive aggro insinuations that a pampered trust fund kid like me would never understand the difficulty of a mentally ill poor kid like him, and that's why 3 month's move-out notice is cruel and not enough. (I am very comfortably wealthy from family, but I've also lived 100% on my own salary for the past 3 years now. i don't blow thousands of dollars on things like tattoos). I'm 2 weeks away from moving, he still hasn't found a new place or roommate willing to accommodate his mental illness. He is unable to contain how stressed out he is by this, so home life is draining and tense and I find myself not wanting to go home. AITA if I don't want him crashing with me later at my new apartment because he hasn't found an apartment and him having to move is ""my fault""? he says he still cant find a place to live..."
783,"AITA For not wanting to work for my parents? A while back I left a job to focus more on school. Money ran out faster than I thought and my parents, who own a small business, offered me a job. I took it because it was flexible, I could work from my place and mostly because I needed money. We all agreed that it would only be temporary as they didn't want me becoming dependent on them. After a while, my mom would even get irritated with me because I still had not found a job. Recently I found a job so I put in my 2 weeks notice and left. However, they still come to me and ask me to do things for their company. It's easy stuff like entering data, but with my new job and summer school I've been super busy. So I don't really have the time or the desire even to work for them. But I still get emails from my parents asking me to do stuff for them. Whenever I say no, I get a guilt trip. I get told that it wont take that long and they would pay me for it too. They even tell me that I'm not helping out around the house all because I don't want to do more reports. But I just really don't have the time to and I really don't want to either. So, AITA?"
784,"AITA in this conversation? [here] I don't think I am, but the other guys got upvoted and I got downvoted."
785,"AITA for being reluctant to pay a friend? My friend and I are both musicians. We play in a band together and see each other regularly. Back in September he went off to school to become a band instrument repair guy. I had an old clarinet laying around and I thought ""hey, maybe he could use this to practice on."" I let him take the clarinet with him so that he could use it as a practice instrument, something to mess up on or fix or whatever. He kept the clarinet from September to May, his entire program, giving me updates here and there along the way. He would tell me this week they were doing pad work, that week they were working with whatever tools. One day he told me he needed to replace the pads and he could get them for a low amount, so I told him to get me an amount of what it would cost. He never got back to me. Flash forward to today, he texts me and says ""I have your clarinet, it will be $300 for the repairs."" I kind of respond in jest, thinking he was messing around, to which responds he isn't kidding. His reasoning is that $300 was a third of what it would have cost had I brought it in to a shop. I'm between a rock and a hard place. Part of me thinks that, at the end of the day, I got a completely overhauled clarinet that is probably in pretty good shape. He performed a service on the instrument, and he should be compensated. Maybe I should have been more aggressive in knowing the price of everything. The other part thinks, he never quoted me any kind of number before doing the repairs. He just told me out of the blue what the cost is going to be. And, because he's a pretty good friend of mine, I feel obligated to pay. I agreed to pay $100 a month for the next three months. Today I asked him for a receipt, just so I could see exactly what he did that would constitute a $900 repair job. He replied saying we don't have to worry about a receipt because there are still some moldy pads that need to be replaced, but because he doesn't want to work on it anymore and I don't want him to work on it anymore, he would give the clarinet back to me with the repairs he's done free of charge. I had planned on getting some form of compensation for him. I was going to get him a video game he wanted and some cash, but not $300. I guess I want to know if I'm was the asshole for being reluctant to pay and wanting to see a receipt, or is he the asshole for dropping the number out of nowhere?"
786,"AITA For inviting two friends that hate each other to my birthday party? My birthday's in a couple of weeks, and I have two friends of mine that used to be best friends with each other (Let their names be Bean and Nana). A few days ago, Nana obliviously said a very, VERY insensitive comment to Bean, and Bean insisted that Nana should never speak to her again. Nana had been saddened and enraged about this whole thing and has attempted to apologize to Bean multiple times, but it didn't work and it resulted in Nana getting blocked on every form of social media, allowing no form of communication between them. I've been trying my best to comfort Nana and help her feel better without badmouthing the other, but Nana is still very bitter. Earlier today, Nana expressed to me that she hoped that I wouldn't invite Bean to my birthday party, but I had already invited her. She then started to name every ""reason"" why I shouldn't invite Bean (she's fake, you don't talk to her as much as you talk to me, she's a b*tch, etc.) Nana's not very happy with me, as you can probably tell. It is true that I am closer to Nana than I am to Bean, but it just wouldn't feel right to have a party without Bean, and it feels rude to just un-invite her. Am I being an inconsiderate asshole to Nana by wanting Bean to come?"
787,"AITA for wanting to celebrate my birthday I turned 30 on Monday. I don't have a problem with being 30 and I have never been big on having a party for me because I don't want to be the center of attention. Things are incredibly stressful because we are cleaning out our condo, which we officially close on the 30th. We can't close on our new house until the 14th of July and are staying with my parentson. Anyway, my husband insisted on throwing me a party, here at my parents' house. But he has to do condo stuff while I watch the kids so guess who has to do all the prep for my supposed to be a surprise party. That's right. I get that honor. On my actual birthday I just wanted to have dinner with my fsmily, but my mom was sick, so we didn't go. Fine, it happens. We reschedule for today. She is still sick, so she canceled with my grandparents and sister without asking and then said, well, you don't mind, right. I do mind, actually. I would like to go to dinner and she could just sit it out. But no, that is unreasonable. She days she wants to be part of a dinner she is paying for, but I never asked her or expected her to pay for it. I just want to go out and actually have a nice evening out. On my actual birthday I got to sleep in, and that was about it. My husband took it off, but after going onowhere a business trip last week and being going non stop with all we have on, he was tired and checked out and I basically did what I always do, which is to take care of the kids. I didn't go for a walk, which I asked to do, or take the kids five minutes down the road to a merry go round because that would have been fun. No one has listened to me at all and when I try to assert myself everyone else is the vicrime and how dare I because they all have the best intentions on what they want and that is all that matters. I am so upset I just want to have space, but there is none. I suffer from depression and anxiety, conditions I can't treat until I am back in state and can make an appointment. Is it up reasonable to want to do dinner without my mom just once?"
788,"AITA for ignoring her? First time posting here, apologies for any mistakes. So, I have this childhood friend who I talk to online, and she just never shuts up about the most menial of problems, e.g. ""urgh, I can't find a top to wear tonight"", ""this guy asked me out"", ""oh they got my order wrong today, my life is SO hard"". And this is non-stop, complaining 24/7. It gets tedious. What's more is that if I have an issue it's just like, yeah, whatever, back to me. I'm going through some shit at the moment that isn't even worth trying to discuss with her and I just can't deal with this crap right now, but I don't want to cut ties with her so I've muted her on messenger so I can ignore her in peace for a little while, while I deal with my shit. Am I the asshole here?"
789,"AITA for being upset that my boyfriend frequently comes to bed at 4am or later? Due to gaming on his computer, my boyfriend often stays up until the wee hours of the morning. Sometimes he doesn't even come to bed until I get up for work at 630am. I go to bed between 10-11 usually on work nights. I've spoken to him on at least 3 separate occasions about how this affects me and how I feel it isn't good for our relationship to frequently go to bed at different times, if it can be helped (which it can, he doesn't work.) Every time I've spoken rationally and calmly, using ""I feel"" instead of blaming him for anything, and every time he listens well and agrees with me and promises he'll work on it. Yet he continues this behavior. I understand that it is not my place to set a bed time for him; he is a grown man and can do whatever he wants. But the fact of the matter is it affects me emotionally, something I can't help even if I try. Sometimes I'll get up around 3 or 4 to use the bathroom, find he isn't in bed yet, and then be upset enough to take half an hour to fall back asleep. Going to bed together is important to me and he knows this. So am I the asshole for being upset?? Edit: also, the reason bed time is so important to me is I pretty much only have 4 hours of free time between work and sleep"
790,"AITA For getting mad at my sister. I was about to close up work today when I got a text from my sister asking if I could go halfers with her on dinner. ( She ordered Chinese food and it was a lot more then she was expecting. ) I'm very careful with my money and don't like spending it on unnecessary things. I got into the car and asked her how much my pitch in would be, I'm going to be honest here and said it in kind of a pissed off tone. She she'd we'd split it 60/40, alright cool I'm totally fine with that, it's going to hinder my plans for this weekend since I set myself on a very strict budget but that was fine. She then asks if I can pay for all of it and she'll transfer me the money later. I say what ever just to drop the conversation but at this point I'm kinda of pissed off because I have to take out an extra $100 from my bank to pay for this. We're close to the bank now and she asks if it's okay that she pays me back in a few weeks for dinner because she's not 100% certain how much she'll get paid next week. I don't answer because I'm getting a bit more ticked off since it went from me paying half, to me paying it all then her transferring me the money to you'll get it in a few weeks. She's done that kind of thing before to my sister and she never got paid back. So at this point she gets mad at me for asking her why did you order the food if you knew you couldn't afford it line and that's where that ended where she got pissed off went to the bank and paid for it herself. I don't feel like I'm in the wrong here, but I don't feel like im in the right either. Am I the asshole reddit ?"
791,"AITA for wanting to fire my therapist? If you're interested, here's a [link] to a thread I did on this in /r/relationshipadvice. I am a 26 year old guy who is getting a second degree and living with his parents. I am also a complete shut in loser, and I literally have no friends. Anyway, so my parents and my therapist are great people, but they did something that has hurt me to my core. My parents have been struggling in their marriage ever since I was a small child, and probably before that. I have begged them for years to seek marriage counseling. Unfortunately, they chose my therapist to go and see. The reason they did this was complicated, however it ultimately boils down to my father having trust issues, and he has known my therapist for about forty years. They have a professional relationship, and that is ultimately why I was recommended to her by him. Now, my therapist and my parents are my only social contacts. I am far too shy to say anything to anyone at school. I have a roster of mental health diagnoses, but among them is a pretty nasty case of social anxiety. Anyway, I feel betrayed by my therapist for not only meeting my parents, but the entirety of my social circle behind my back. I am considering firing her, despite liking her a lot, because my trust in her is fundamentally shaken by this. My parents are begging me not to, citing that I have grown a lot since seeing her, and that it would be tragic if I did indeed leave after this mistake. My parents insist that no therapy took place in this situation, but instead, the therapist said that she would counsel them only if I allowed it. I am totally not okay with that, since I live with my parents, and my therapist would not be seeing me for me if she also got information about my life (at least indirectly) from my parents. I think that is fundamentally a terrible idea. What do you think? Am I the asshole for wanting to fire my therapist? TL;DR: My therapist did a consultation job for my parents. She said that she would only give them marriage counseling if I was cool with it. I'm not cool with it. These three people are the entirety of my social circle, and I feel betrayed by my therapist for seeing my family behind my back. Am I the asshole for wanting to fire my therapist? Edit: Thank you for your sage input, everyone."
792,"AITA in this messy-ass breakup? Hey guys, so I know breakups typically go with walls of text, so I'll be as brief as possible Was with my girlfriend for a year and a half. I noticed she randomly started to never want to be intimate, always go out with her friends instead of spending any time with me, and just seem really uninterested and distant, which is super painful. She also started spending (a lot) more time than I was comfortable with with this other guy, sometimes just not coming home until the next day. I was pretty pissed. Anyway, her birthday rolls around and she has a party at our house. I fucking cannot stand her friends and I know this fucking guy is going to be there too. In the spirit of fairness in storytelling, she knows I hate them and always go out of my way to avoid spending time with them and will just ditch if they come around because fuck them. They are all just such trash, I could go on. I begrudgingly take the night off to attend it, though I suck at hiding my emotions, so I'm fairly hostile to the guests. Not yelling or anything but a couple snarky comments and a very rude exit (I'm not going to pretend I handled it well). I just go to bed early. I wake up and she's gone and won't respond to texts. Finally at 1pm she shows up in that guys car. We get in a big fight and go on a ""break"" for a week in which she basically refuses to talk to me , because apparently the silent treatment is a great way to resolve conflicts. Anyway, that ends and we have this brief, fucked up ""open relationship"". She's still never around ever. Everytime we talk she seems distant and we fight a lot, and she always brings up how I acted like an asshole to her friends at the party. She also tells me in some weird vague way she thinks I'm abusive and jealous and possessive (I would deny the first, but I'll admit readily to the latter 2). I eventually break up with her because I'm sick of being constantly ignored. We still live together and fight a lot. We have a big blowup about her relationship with that guy because she sleeps on his couch every night and she tells me he was the friend she leaned on because she realised our relationship wasn't working. She also basically told me she realised she wanted to break up a while ago but couldn't bring herself to do it because she knew I loved her so she just kinda started being away until I finally did. I am picking a lot of fights lately and frankly being a lot more abrasive than I need to in them because I'm so angry and bitter and hurt about how it all went and I'm wondering if I'm the abusive asshole she says I am. As a fun note, she claims that after the"
793,"AITA for getting mad at my gf So my gf and my birthday was a week apart. I was out of town for business so we decided to celebrate few days late and for her birthday present I took her to NYC for the weekend including 4 star hotel and a front row seat to Aladdin on Broadway, her favorite disney movie and a dinner at a 5 star restaurant and a beautiful pearl necklace to wear to it. Originally she said we should just combine our two birthdays for the trip but I told her no cause I wanted my birthday to be about me and her birthday to be about her (plus I paid for the entire trip). So it was just to celebrate her birthday. We get back from NYC and its the day between getting back and in 2 days is my birthday. Her roommate's father passes away. She and her roommate is very close so she decides to accompany her the wake but promises to be back in time for my birthday. Next day she calls me and says due to miscommunication that she's actually gonna be there another day and will miss my birthday. I understood and I told her funeral beats birthday. However I don't hear from her me entire birthday, she comes back next day in the afternoon and when I brought up making up for missing my birthday and doing some post-celebration she simply asked me ""didn't you celebrate with your friends and family already?"" TLDR+additional details So i understood her missing my birthday for her roommate's father's funeral but got mad for several other reasons, primary center reason being she didn't seem to care about my birthday at all Instead of suggesting something something to do on my birthday or come up with a plan she just wanted to throw it into her celebration her-It makes sense, trip is right between our birthdays me-yeah but I am paying for the trip and want our respective birthdays to be about you and me separately Didn't hear from her at all on my birthday her-I was at a funeral with a broken phone me-funeral wasn't all day and you could have texted me with someone else's or gone on a computer and FBed me She didn't try anything to make it up to me when she got back from funeral -you already celebrated -yeah but I want to celerbate with you"
794,AITA for being angry for a girl using the wrong flag The girl took a pic of something about Orlando and used the wrong flag and I went off on her calling her a Fanny among other things More info she use a Philippines flag instead of the USA flag where there's a noticeable difference And yes Fanny is a insult in the U.K. In my mind that's like me saying je suis charlie and using the Italian flag instead of the French
795,"AITA for not giving my mom money A little background earlier my mom and siblings were gonna go visit a relative of ours (her aunt) who is visiting town. Anyways my mom asked if I could loan her like 20 dollars til she gets paid Friday I said yes and then well you see I am usually a very talkative guy and I make jokes a lot like sarcastically and stuff. So I made a joke about her aunt saying how old she was granted I didnt mean to sound mean but I guess I kinda did. Directly after my mom yells at me in front of my brother and sister and says ""Quit being a smartass!!!"" I just impulsively said ""Alright I wont go then"" and I ran off to my room and locked the door. She then banged on my door and demanded that I give her the 20 I of course just sat on my bed like a child. She wouldnt go away either, She kept saying ""well who pays rent here"" and ""Just give me the 20"" I didnt budge tho so they all just left. Now I am sitting in my room like an idiot, with my pride that has gotten to me first. She did yell at me tho in front of my siblings, shes done that before and stuff and it was really awkward LOL. I didnt want to sit in the car with her in that awkwardness. She also called me an asshole too LOL."
796,"META Can we please stop downvoting the Obvious Assholes Posts? If they are Assholes, then comment and UPVOTE the post! Am I the asshole here, or are people doing it wrong? I read younger posts where the poster is an obvious asshole in The Situation, and maybe in Life in General, and the posts get downvoted. These assholes need to be told when they are being assholes, that is why they post here. Our job is to comment about their assholery and upvote the post unless it is an obvious troll, super boring situation that you would normally make a jerk off motion about if you overheard someone complaining about it, or outright bullshit."
797,"AITA for confronting a dangerous driver? A couple of days ago, I was out biking on a mildly busy road (about 4-5 bikers around, only one car nearby). One of the other cyclists went into the center of the lane, planning to turn left at the upcoming stoplight (she didn't signal for her turn). The driver, who came up behind her about 8 seconds after she went into the lane, honked his horn at her as he was stopping (behind her at the light). I gave him the finger, as I thought that was pretty out of line. Once we got the green, he flew past her accelerating to about 30, missing her by about two feet (as she was turning). At this point, I was furious, and decided to let the guy know how I felt. I caught up to him at the next light, after blowing past a couple of stopsigns (which were clearly and visably empty, making this illegal but not dangerous) and gave him the finger again. He got out of his car and started yelling at me, ""What is your problem"" etc. I told him my problem was that he had honked at a girl for no reason and buzzed her, which was dangerous. He responded with ""Shut your damn mouth or I'll shut it for you"", and proceeded to call me out on blowing past the stop signs, and said he had honked because she didn't signal her turn. I said I had done it because I wanted to confront him on his dangerous driving. We were both pretty angry. Anyway, a couple other bikers came up behind us, which was fortunate because I was seriously a bit concerned this guy might get back in his car and run me down at this point. He got back in and drove off. So, I know that the driver is a serious asshole, but was I way out of line here too? I thought he should know how dangerous his driving was, but maybe I should have left it alone."
798,"AITA for not wanting someone at movies? Long story short, I'm going to the movies tonight to see The Shallows with 4 friends because my birthday was yesterday so we wanted to celebrate. I just got a text from one of my friends going that said ""oh and david's coming along"" and I don't like David and he honestly had no idea yesterday was my birthday. I wanted to go to the movies with 4 of my closest friends because yesterday was my birthday and one of my friends brings along someone she knows I hate. It just makes me feel like we're not celebrating my birthday but we're just normally going out. Am I the asshole for thinking I don't want David coming? TLDR; Friend invited someone she knows I don't like to the movies to celebrate my birthday, in my head I don't want him coming. AITA?"
799,"AITA for accepting unemployment and taking a breather? I've had my last job for three years, worked my ass off and was experiencing extreme tiredness and depression for the last 2 years of that. Last year my wife left me, and I lost all sense of perspective. I lost friends because I never wanted to do anything anymore and I was depressed and suicidal for months. They were firing people at work, and when they fired this one girl, I said 'hey, don't fire her, fire me'. So they did. And with that, I qualified for unemployment benefits for a year. I am a musician, and I want to use some of that time to create a living making music. This wasn't possible in the time I was working, since all I had the energy to do was come home and be exhausted. Now I told a friend of mine in the US about this, and she started saying I was a lazy piece of shit and I should work hard and get a job and that I was stealing from society. I live in Germany. Here, you pay unemployment insurance and then you are entitled to receive unemployment benefits for a year. I have never received a single government benefit in my whole life. And now, I have been unemployed for one day, and my friend called me a lazy piece of shit and unfriended me on facebook, which is my only way of talking to her. It just makes me so incredibly sad. Am I a piece of shit for using this opportunity to take some time and reflect on my life? Or should I go straight out there on Monday and get another shitty job that I hate and work my ass off for shit money until I am eventually allowed to retire?"
800,"AITA for making these youtube comments? [img]http://i.imgur.com/QsSpOjd.jpg[/img] Hello Everyone, Before I start there was a prior engagement with another user, I was not involved with, quickly turned into a lengthy shitpost war. It then got deleted. About 24 hours later I saw it was back up again. You'll see me with the South Park avatar. Maybe its my fault for continue posting."
801,"AITA for asking a friend of the opposite gender to attend a concert with me? So, I just asked a friend of mine if she would like to attend a concert with me, and her boyfriend called me immediately from her number and bitched at me, asking me if I had no boundaries. I have every intention of keeping the friendship platonic. Although I understand that he does not know that. I also realize its reasonable for him to assume that I did have ulterior motives. Did I cross a line? Was it not okay for me to ask a friend to go to a concert with me? Edit: spelling"
802,"AITA for asking my brother to stop playing his drums at 9:30pm? The other evening my brother asked me at dinner if he could play his drums afterwards, since I sometimes go to bed immediately after dinner (I work odd hours and am often tired). I told him to go ahead and play. Fast forward a few hours later and he never touched his drums. I'm laying in bed, relaxing, and start to doze off. I figure it's best to get some proper sleep, so I turn off the light and lay back down. It's 9:30pm at this point. Within minutes, before I had properly fallen asleep, I hear him playing his drums in his bedroom. I put some earplugs in that I keep at my bedside and tried to block it out. Only a couple minutes pass before I realize I couldn't block out the noise. I was beginning to get angry and I just wanted to sleep. I didn't want to get out of bed since that would just wake me up further. So I texted him, asking him if he could stop playing. I should point out that he knew that the following day I would be gone all day and night, so he could play whenever he wanted then. Either way, he doesn't answer his phone and is still playing. So I texted our mom and asked her if she could tell him to keep it down since she was in the next room over and I was on the other end of the house. I heard the drumming stop a moment later and I started to doze off again. Then a I get a text from my mom's phone, but it's my brother (which is unusual for him since he has a fully functioning cell phone). Basically he's chewing me out, saying they I always ask him to stop playing, regardless of the time of day. I respond with a short text reminding him that it's 9:30, a perfectly reasonable time to go to bed when you have work the next morning (which, again, he knew about). He responded against saying that I'm ""jealous of his musical talent"" and that I'm being unfair to him since I never ask my dad to stop playing guitar no matter how late it is. It's important to note that our dad plays his guitar in the garage, and I can't hear it at all from my bedroom. So, am I in the wrong here?"
803,"AITA for talking to my coworkers about office love interests? So this requires backstory, and I am on mobile so bear with me this could be bad. I work in an office at a pretty nice hospital, so the setting is somewhat formal (slacks and a button down kinda place) however, my office setting is kinda work hard play harder type atmosphere. Everyone is very nice to each other and we talk about pretty personal stuff, definitely a step beyond your normal office (half of our staff are doctors, so often times we ask for medical advise instead having to go to our actual doctors lol). Anyways, I'm the youngest (23) employee of about 12 (30-65 age range) and I'm just like a office/admin assistant. We have this annual winter party where we all can bring a plus one and whatever, it's cool. I'm gay ,but I didn't have a bf at the time so I brought my female friend from out of state. (Call her Stacy for reference) Stacy and I have been friends for years, long time. Since like middle school, we are the same age. She goes to school on the east coast, I live in california. So for the holiday party she was just visiting. I invited her to the party, she comes, is attractive, and gets the attention of one of my coworkers... named Brad (not really but you get the idea) so Brad and Stacy are all flirty during the night because booze was involved, but stacy had her on bf back in the east coast, timing wasn't right or whatever. But everyone saw, this was my work party and everyone could see the two of the them in the corner drunk talking, it was obvious. We all had talked about it after the party too. (We all as in my coworkers and i) That was in december, fast forward to july. Stacy is now single and still lives on the east coast. And Brad moved to Arizona for a new job. Brad asked about Stacy and Stacy said it was okay to let Brad add her on facebook. So they started chatting, and Stacy tells me she has to go to chicago for school, and Brad wants to fly there to meet her. It was interesting cause like it's my ex coworker and that dude is like kinda an uptight doctor, gonna be a gi specialist. But he's 34. So I told my coworkers that Brad was gonna fly up to hit up my friend stacy. So today, stacy flips out after Brad told her that I was telling my coworkers (my coworkers probably talked to brad) and she is saying I'm a terrible person and I broke her trust. I don't really get it, I mean, she has met my coworkers once, and she lives on the east coast. Brad left the job to go to another job, so it's not like something with hr, it's an ex employee. Did I do something wrong?? It's 12am, so I will be up for a bit"
804,"AITA for calling my best friend selfish So me and my best friend, lets call her Stephanie, have been friends for 4 years. We were more or less inseparable. Still are very close, just don't have much time to spend with each other now that we are leading separate lives. I have been fairly fortunate in terms of finance in my life and had more free time than her so I inevitably ended up doing more of giving in the relationship. And I don't mind that at all, I give because I like to see my friends happy. Anything she needed, I was there. She was sick and I had a final, I was there at her place with homemade soup and cold medicine in couple hours and I just studied on the couch. She needed a ride cause she was drunk at a frat party at 4am in the morning and I was sleeping, I was there. Her birthday, I got her very thoughtful gifts i spent a fortune on. She was suppose to move out of her apartment in 6 hours and hadn't started packing yet, I ditched my lunch date and was there in 30 minutes with boxes and tapes. To me, these are just things you do for your best friend. Yet my birthday, 3 years in a row, get no present or anything from her (in her defense there were excuses for 2 of those broke up with bf of 6 years, a funeral but still didn't even try to make it up to me afterwards, not so much as a card). I needed help unpacking 3 boxes, refuse to lift a finger stating simply she didn't want to. Needed a ride at 11pm at night to airport, she refuses cause she has work at 9am. I'm sick so I needed her to pick up my dog from the vet, ""ugh I have exam in 3 days and need to study"". Just some of many examples. I finally had enough and I told her I was sick of doing all the giving in this friendship and she yelled back that she never asked for any of those things (which is only partially true) and that its not her fault she doesn't have as much money and time as me. *important point I told her it wasn't about money or time or wanting anything in return from her for what I did. Its that if she truly cared for me as much as she says she does and if she really considers me a best friend you should want to help me out when I need help. Yelled at her that mere acquaintances have come through for me more than she has. That I'm sick of her being selfish and that I never have been able to rely on her. Told her my main issue is that true close friendship is suppose to be about willingness to sacrifice for each other and that you have, except on very rare occasions, done nothing for me that requires any kind"
805,"AITA for not agree to pay more for utilites I want to preface this by saying that I don't think my friends are wrong, I just think that the context/timing of everything makes them the assholes, but I could be wrong (hence why I'm posting this). So me and some friends of mine decided to rent a house off campus for next school year. I lived with some of them last year, and they knew that often my gf would come over. I agreed to pay some more rent because of this before we signed the lease. After signing they had a meeting without me and decided that if a guest stays over the majority of the week that they would have to pay an equal share of utilities for that week. I felt that this was targeted at me and my gf (whom they don't like very much). I tried to reason with them that having someone over doesn't increase utility cost (we don't pay for water and having a guest in my room won't use any more electricity). They said that its unfair for her to benefit for free what we are paying for, my argument against that is that she would be a guest and guest shouldn't have to pay to stay over. When they wouldn't listen I offered that maybe the guest could pay some utilities but not an equal share but some smaller fraction they said no because it'd be ridiculous to measure how much utilities each person used. Additionally, none of the four of us are paying for the house with our own money, everything is being paid for by parents, and its not as if any are short on money. Finally, they got mad because they said that they signed the lease expecting just those signed on the lease to be there and no one else, despite them knowing about my gf before signing the lease. Essentially they got mad that she would be around. Earlier this year one of my friends thought that I spend too much time with her so I think some of his anger came from that. I understand there point, and don't necessarily think they are wrong, but I feel as though they should have brought this up before signing the lease. So in addition to them making the rule without me and there unwillingness to negotiation, my biggest concern is that I don't want to live in a place where my gf will feel so unwelcome, which in turn makes me feel unwelcome. Ultimately I decided to live somewhere else and we found someone to replace me on the lease. So it all worked out on that end but this has impacted my friendship with these people in a strong way and I'm left wondering if I'm the asshole for not agreeing to pay more. TLDR: friends made rules without me after signing the lease, I argued and thought they were unreasonable, then got a replacement for the lease. edit: realized I have a typo in the title but"
806,"AITA for refusing to go to Toastmasters? My friend is super in to Toastmasters. If you're not familiar, it's an organization where people get together to practice public speaking. I've been to a meeting before. I find it uproariously boring (sorry if this is your thing). My friend has been trying to get me to go to a meeting with him for years. I keep declining. This same friend also likes to make videos for YouTube, which I've helped him with before, no problem. He told me this week that he wanted me to help with a project, that I'd need to pretend to interview him for a presentation for Toastmasters. He really made it sound like a video. He asked me to meet him at certain place in our city. Surprise! The room I expected to be me and him was full of people who belong to... you guessed it - Toastmasters. I was not expecting this. I asked him several times if we were making an audio or video recording; he never mentioned I'd be on stage in front of a room full of strangers. I felt pretty manipulated, told him in my calmest voice that I was leaving, but I'd come back when it was his time to speak and help him, since I gave him my word. I could tell he was upset with me. I feel like an asshole because I should probably just sit through the dumb meeting and suck it up. I left because I felt like I was duped into doing a thing I repeatedly told him I didn't want to do. I'm sitting at Starbucks typing this out before I go back. Yay! I get to improvise a 5 minute interview that I was told I didn't need to prepare for. On stage. In front of strangers. Am I the Asshole?"
807,"AITA for quitting my new job 2 months in? I was employed with a company where I made $16k more a year plus about $5k more in other benefits than the job that I accepted two months ago. I was very unhappy working there (had a monster , had no work life balance, poor job fit and training). This was an anomaly for me... but after six years with that employer quit after establishing a year of living expenses. I was propositioned by an old contact to interview with her for a position that she had. I'm overqualified but stressed that I was okay with that and the corresponding income ;$17/hr just so long as the work environment, the work aligned more with my values . Was completely sold by manager on how great the job was, how awesome her team was and everything that I wanted to hear. So much so when She countered and said $15/hr was my wage and with commission I would have no problem making $17.i happily accepted because of the healthy, happy work environment. She also told me that the staff had thousands of dollars of gift cards In their wallets Fast forward, within the first month I saw the constant unprofessionalism, backstabbing, poor service that the ENTIRE team does. They're very insecure and of about 9 women, only two or three are nice to me. They're entitled, demanding, rude and do not reciprocate. I get talked down To. I am their workhorse and get the tasks assigned to me that shouldn't be. The (hiring) manager is our operations/office/general manager and she's told them from her own concern to not put so much on my plate. They're insubordinate to her, and behind her back tell me to disregard what she said. I get barked at and disrespected, and it's completely unwarranted. They were mad that it took so long to get a replacement and I feel they channel their frustration through to me. The office is also very toxic. Most suffer from anxiety and depression and because I am mentally fragile from my last job, I attract It like a magnet and absorb It. I am profoundly anxious and depressed. I am normally very, very happy. But, instead am left feeling awful and anxious about what they're saying about me when I'm not there. I try hard everyday, am friendly and warm, encouraging. AND it's getting worse. I've talked to the manager, who said ""if you aren't crying.. then you're doing it wrong"" and keeps insisting that it will get better... though, nothing has and I fear getting more invested. I cry most of my weekends away and am physically exhausted from all the negativity that I feel. My last conversation ended with""I hope you aren't having second thoughts about coming here..."" I'm finding myself becoming bitter for taking a job and income that degrades my self worth, though outwardly, you would never know. I felt that I was lied to... there have never been thousands of dollars in their wallets, the most I could make"
808,"AITA for wanting to beat up people All the time I thinking about beating up certain people. Generally, these are people that I feel have seriously wronged me or people I feel deserve it because they are horrible, evil people that will otherwise see no justice for their actions if somebody doesn't take matters into their own hands. An example of the former would be like a guy ridiculing my race with his buddies as they're walking behind me. Can't just let someone disrespect me like that. An example of the latter would be a family friend I've known for a long time. He definitely used to beat the shit out of innocent kids at school. He was a bully. I conveniently let it go unnoticed because of the whole family friend relationship. But now I'm starting to see him for who he is. He's grown up and he's the same shitty person. What makes it worse is that I don't think he's ever had to answer for anything bad he's ever done. I don't associate with that guy anymore. I think to myself, ""you shoulda fought that guy. The insolence to have a laugh at my expense."" I fantasize about putting on a ski mask, finding that family friend, and totally beating him to a pulp. I never act on these thoughts because I'm hesitant. ""You have so much to lose. Even if you're successful in fucking them up, it's not worth it. You have more to lose than gain."" ""What you're thinking is immoral. Violence is wrong, even if it's against bad people. Be better than them."" Am I the asshole for having these violent fantasies?"
809,"AITA for getting mad about my family going to the movies without me? Okay so first off I go to the movies like A LOT probably 3 times a week (I have a ledger that keeps track of all of them too). I also live with my family and i like going because it relaxes me and stuff. BUT I rarely go with anyone else either because I never ask or they are always broke. So sometimes my family goes without me usually when I am at work on the weekends (those are my busy days mostly). And every time they go without me I get a little angry not directly at them but I just get mad that they left me out. I remember back in February they all went to TWO movies in a row and I was just at home because I just got back from work. I know its strange but thats just how I am. My dad is the main culprit he will take my brother and sister almost every weekend without me, there was a time last year when me and my sis made a plan to go see Insurgent together we were just waiting for my off day and he freaking took the two of them to that I was annoyed!!! Anyways Am I the Asshole for feeling betrayed about that?"
810,"AITA for ignoring my friend? My ""friend"", lets call him Jacob and I spend a lot of time hanging out with him. We party much more than we should and recently I decided to change my life for the better(due to a coke and Xanax fueled wake-up call.) The problem is Jacob doesn't want to stop and he doesn't believe I can. Gradually Jacob and I have been growing apart and today he may have cut the final string between us. He told a girl that I have been talkin to that I told him that I wanted to ""fuck her brains out."" Honestly, Im not positive that I didnt say something similar tonight but its fucked up for him to say that right? I've been ignoring him since(to his face since he works with me.) Am I the asshole?"
811,"AITA for getting pissed at my boyfriend? My boyfriend and I have an 8-month-old. While he is an amazing father to our son, I don't feel that he puts in as much work as I do. I work a 9-5 and he works scattered hours, so I take our son to and from daycare and have him all day on the weekends while he gets his days off kid free. Don't get me wrong, I love spending time with my little man, but sometimes I just really need some me time. By the time he gets off work it's usually too late for me to go anywhere, and my weekends are shot because I have the babe all day. I have no family here, and the family he has here has stated that they don't intend on watching him. Not the best situation, but we're making it work. While he sleeps in and spends his days off with his friends, I can't help but get angry with him. I need sleep. I need time for me. If we have days off together he does let me sleep in, but that is so rare and on days when he works (usually 10 or later) he gets angry if he gets woken up and then throws the days that he let me sleep in in my face. He also thinks I should take vacation days for me time, but then who is going to have the baby on the holidays when the daycare is closed? I've also only been working at my job for a few month now and have just been cleared for holiday time while he's been at his job for almost a decade. I think it would look bad to take vacation so soon, but getting simple things done like my hair, or setting up a bank account are almost impossible for me with no help."
812,AITA in this situation for questioning this person's gender?
813,"AITA for shutting the door on any and all solicitors? So today some red cross girl rang the door bell and when I opened she started some story about how she's in the red cross blabla.. I immediately interrupted and kinda said like ""hi, do you want money? if so you dont get any."" They always have this little folder in their arm so I know the deal already. She then said: ""we are looking for declarations of support..."" and then I immediately interrupted and said ""no thank you"" and shut the door. Now I'm an antisocial guy but I really don't think that I'm in the wrong here. I don't have limitless money or time, I see no reason why I should listen to anything somebody wants to tell me on my free time and I especially don't see a reason to give people my money in return for nothing. I think while the door was closing she said something mean but I didn't quite hear it, something along the lines of ""wow, hell"" (not that it matters particularly)"
814,"AITA for leaving the table during a drink together? We're all 16-17, we planned to drink some Vodka as my house was empty. The ""we"" are all close friends of mine that I met in school. Since around 4-5 shots, some of the girls became acting a little...inappropriate, they started trying to poor juice down a mug, which eventually fell and caused all the juice to splatter onto the floor, they poured too much vodka which sometimes caused it to spill, AND the vodka was pure shit, disgusting. Also after that they used some of my moms nail polish to paint some of the nails, I felt that's a little over the top. Couple all of these, after all 4 shots ( I was still sober at the time ) My straw broke when one of my female friends tried to pour grape juice into a cup and it spillt, onto the floor and onto my legs. After that I just simply, stood up, and walked to my room. Several of them came to my room to try to get me out of it, they said they were having fun or something, they cleaned up, yada yada yada. I said that I didn't care, drink on your own or whatever, but my mood is totally buzzkilled, I don't feel like drinking because of the shitty vodka and the mishaps that happened. They eventually called me an asshole for being a ""party pooper"" and continued to drink. I don't blame them for counting the drinking, I blame them for calling me an asshole. I understand that I am the host, and I invited everyone, but I still don't think it's fair for them to do all that shit. It isn't even a party, only 4 people not including me."
815,"AITA for calling this guy out for petty dickishness about Pokemon GO? Not really any explaination is needed as I have the full conversastion right here so that you guys can be objective. I'm worried that I stepped too far for something so little as a facebook meme post, but petty bullshit is a huge pet peeve of mine because people hide behind the ""dude calm down its just a facebook post its not serious"" shit. Like you didn't post it because you disagreed with it come on. I am green. http://imgur.com/a/JMTw8 Edit: Well apparently I missed a few things in editing but its fine where I work and my first name aren't a big deal."
816,"AITA for not knowing a girl didn't get my text? Story time: This girl and I have been talking on and off for months. We've never really done anything because they're have been a lot of roadblocks in the way. A few days ago we finally start talking about the possibility of starting a relationship. It was a really nice conversation, and I felt like things were going good until she didn't reply to my last text. It's not completely out of character for her to ignore me. Yesterday I text her to see what was up; I wasn't sure if I'd done something to upset her or not and wanted to see if everything is okay. This is where it gets weird. She goes plain off about how I'm an asshole, and a terrible person, and if I didn't want to date her(which I did) I should've just told her. Obviously I was confused and asked what she was talking about. She tells me that I ignored her, so I send her a screenshot of my ignored text. She explains that she never got it, but instead of apologizing she calls me to yell about how I should have made sure she got it, and how it was my responsibility to text her. So let me ask you Reddit, am I the asshole?"
817,"AITA For not wanting to contribute any money to a TV for my Brothers’ man cave? My dad and 2 brothers have been working at turning our basement into a man cave for when friends come to visit, so that they’re not hogging the TV or making a mess of the living room. We’ve all worked together to paint, sand, and tile and now we’re at the point of getting the entertainment for this area. The Man Cave is, in theory, for everyone but in reality I will never use it. I have a nice TV in my bedroom, and am almost never home to use it as it is. When I do hang out with my friends it’s literally never at my house. This is a thing for my 2 brothers to take advantage of, when their friends come over to watch a sports ball game or whatever. Still, even though I will not be using it I both offered and agreed to contribute my Xbox One to the project so that they can play their games and watch their shows. All that’s left is acquiring TV, about $600-$1000 is what they’re expecting to spend on a decent one. Well, now they (And by “They” I mainly mean my dad) is trying to get me to go in about $200 on the TV. I’ve tried explaining that my contribution was the Xbox and games which I could have easily sold for more than that amount (It’s the Halo 5 Edition) and do not intend on contributing any cash. Aside from the fact that shelling out $200 would destroy my entire 2 week budget, which is tight in the best of times, I will not be using this area at all. I did not need to just give them my Xbox and games, and am getting rather pissed off at being pressured into helping with the TV as well. I get that splitting it 4 ways is easier than splitting it 3 but its money that I just don’t need to spend on a luxury like that. But now I’m wondering; since this is technically a Family Project, Am I The Asshole for not wanting something towards the TV? EDIT: Additional Info I'm 26 Years old and living at home. I only live at home because most of my income goes to helping with household expenses, though some of it is cultural as well. I bought the Xbox and the TV in my room with my own money, the TV was purchased years ago."
818,"AITA for hanging up on a friend ? I asked for a friend to talk about something important, it's about one of my friends who I cut contact with and basically I have some leftover venting to do. So I start talking and sometimes she cuts me up in the middle of the sentence, it bothered me a little but her remarks were kind of related to what I was talking about ( ""Oh yeah that happened to me before ""), one time she cut me again when I told my opinion on something and she said that in her cases the scenario was the latter (Doesn't matter what we're talking about ). Basically I start telling her about what I said to said friend, and in the middle of the conversation she just stops me and says "" Wow, you won't believe what happened, someone tagged me in a photo and I responded to him with ""x"" but forgot to tag him back"" Something like that, I didn't even listen to the end, then I just hung up. She tried calling again but I didn't answer, I wrote her a text ""I'm talking about my feelings here and you start to bullshit about some facebook movie tagging ?, I feel as if you didn't even listen to half of what I said"" She responds with ""I listened, jesus why do you take this so seriously can't you listen for a couple of seconds "" ? Then she said she doesn't want to talk to me anymore and she went to bed."
819,"AITA for breaking up with my girlfriend over phone So I've been seeing this girl for almost a year and it just isn't working out so I broke up with her fairly recently. I called her up and I told her that I thought it was best if we ended things. She got really pissed calling me a coward for not doing it in person. Thing is I live 6 hours away and I work 50 hours a week. I wouldn't have been back in town until 3 weeks from now and I didn't want to waste any more of her time on a relationship that was over by stringing her along for that long. So I did the next best thing, call her to break up with her so she can spend that 3 weeks moving on. AITA?"
820,"AITA if I don't want to chip in for something I won't use? I live in a two floor student flat. I'm the only one that lives downstairs, and three people live upstairs. Our router is next to my room so I have pretty great internet. Whenever I go upstairs and use the internet there I think the internet is worse, but not considerably. I get 100 mbps in my room and around 60 mbps upstairs. My housemates want to buy a pretty expensive fancy router to solve their problems, and I say I don't want to chip in because I have no problems with the current set-up, but if they bought the router I'd be more than happy to set it up. My housemates are suggesting moving the router upstairs if I don't want to chip in for the new router. Am I being an asshole or should I chip in? Money's not really an issue for me, I just don't see why I should pay."
821,"AITA for asking someone why they sat next to me on the bus when there is clearly plenty of seats available to sit by yourself? So I'm on greyhound and we get on the bus to take our seats, and I'm one of the first people on. A few people later, someone plops down next to me when there is clearly plenty of open pairs of seats available. I ask him, ""Don't you want one of the open window seats?"" He replies, ""Oh so you're saying you don't want me sitting here?"" Rather than argue with him i say, ""Well then let me get by so I can get one of them."" I start to get up and then he says, ""No, F*** you, I'll move."""
822,"AITA for posting a Snopes link on an instagram post? Someone posted about the Days of Rage 2016 thing, saying that they weren't sure how true it is, but to still be careful. I posted a link to [the Snopes page] so that they could read a little more about the whole thing."
823,"AITA For Not Wanting to Spend Time With My Sisters? I'm currently 15 years old and I have two older sisters. So my aunt came to our town from the West Coast for unimportant reasons. She came over to our house yesterday because she does not have anything to do where she is currently staying at. My sisters decided to watch the Martian with my aunt. I decided to opt out and do my own thing because I already watched the movie and wanted to do my own thing. Apparently my aunt didn't like that I didn't spend enough time with her and my sisters and spent too much time on my phone/computer. She told my sisters how she felt and they both agreed, although to a lesser extent. The thing I don't understand is how am I the bad person. I do spend time with my sisters doing whatever they want (I'm fine with that) and I do stuff with my aunt like go for walks, talk with her and watch T.V. with her. But, I am a someone who greatly enjoys alone time and I have always been like that. I understand hanging out with family is important, I just don't know how to feel about being criticized for something that I normally do."
824,AITA for quitting my first job after one day? My friend and I got a job with a staffing company. The job we worked makes synthetic decking boards. The job is to stack the boards 8 wide by 7 high while labeling and tagging every board. After a pallet is full you have to move and package it. While you move and package it the machine continues to push boards out every 30 to 45 seconds. The boards come out at over 100 degrees so gloves are required to move them but much heat is still felt through the glove. Once a pallet is packaged you have to come back and organize the boards that came out while you were packaging then continue to label and tag them. This continues for a twelve hour shift and one person is expected to do this alone.
825,"AITA for flipping another driver the bird? This happened while I was coming back from the doctor. I had a migraine the night before, and I was still feeling the effects somewhat (tired and headachey) even though the pain was largely gone. I was at a give way (yield) sign waiting to turn into a three lane road. The oncoming cars were coming up a slight slope so I was extra careful as I couldn't see over the crest. There was a guy behind me in a car with a much higher elevation, I think it was a Jeep. He aggressively beeped me 2 or 3 times, clearly saying ""Get on with it"" with his Jeep right up my backside. He could probably see further than I could in my hatchback. Several weeks ago I was involved in a minor car accident. It took them 2 and a half weeks to fix my car and I've only had it back for about 10 days so I'm being very careful with it and with myself. Anyway, I make the turn once I judge it's safe to so do (that is, when the number of cars dwindles, suggesting a red light earlier in the road) and the guy in the Jeep is right up my backside unecessarily. I flip him the bird. He goes nuts. He's flicking his headlights in my rear mirror (it's full daylight), continnuing to drive very close to me and then he swerves into the next lane to pull up alongside me but then drops back behind me as we are both turning off the road at the same exit. While we're stopped at traffic lights he beeps at me aggressively and flips me the bird through his windscreen and flicks his headlights again. I ignore him this time. He continues this through three more intersections (I am careful to brake and accelerate smoothly and indicate well in advance so he doesn't go up the back of me), tailgating me before I turn into the street where I live and he continues in another direction. EDIT: To clarify, I didn't view flipping the bird as a very serious insult, but obviously he did. Am I out of step with how it is used?"
826,"AITA for wondering where my stuff is? The wife is a compulsive straightener, only she has no idea where she put stuff. Walk into my office to find a cleared desk? I will spend the next week looking for that one document. Kitchen scissors? Different drawer EVERY TIME. She has no idea where she puts stuff, but I'm the asshole for asking what she did with it?"
827,"AITA for calling the cops on a girl who threatened to kill herself? So for whatever reason, my roommate added me to some private ""confessions"" Facebook group awhile back. I never posted and only stuck around because people would post all of their drama on the page. It essentially is one giant circlejerk of a pity party, and it was often an entertaining read. Well, this one girl has been making post after post that range from ""I don't want to be on this planet anymore. Fuck everything,"" to ""I am a worthless piece of trash who can't wait to die."" Most recently, she posted yesterday saying ""I can't take this anymore. I'm at the end of my rope. I'm so fucking suicidal."" I work in social services, so I don't take this shit lightly. I've worked with several suicidal clients and patients and some have even ended up killing themselves once they were out of my care. I'm a huge advocate of recovery and I remember thinking to myself that if this poor girl were to actually follow through and kill herself, I would have to live with the fact that I did nothing. So I left a comment suggesting that she goes to the hospital to get herself the help that she needs, and the whole group blew up at me. ""That's not helpful!"" ""Why are you making such drastic suggestions? Go fuck yourself!"" and so on and so forth. Whatever, I really don't give a shit about these people and what they think. I just want the girl to be okay. Then the girl says something along the lines of, ""When I choose to kill myself it'll be none of your business so let me do what I want!"" She lives in my state, and my roommate actually met her in real life. I thought about how it would affect him if she went through with it. I thought about the girl's family. She sounded like she was in so much pain, and from what my roommate said about her, she can act very impulsively. So I called the non emergency police department, explained the situation, and gave them her name. Twenty minutes later, she tried calling my roommate; he didn't pick up, although I tried to encourage him to do so. After about two hours had passed, she had left the group and someone else posted: ""no one should really be calling police on someone. especially if you do not know them outside of the group. thats fucked, because most of the time its just simple venting in here. even if it is about a heavy subject. its neither your right nor you place to do that to someone unless you actually know them or unless they ask for that type of help. it really just adds more stress to a person when they have cops banging on their fucking door and trying to put them into an involuntary 5150 hold which also comes with its own problems."" It sounds like she wasn't admitted, and I'm just glad"
828,"AITA for expecting my brother to replace my sunglasses? Last night, while both of us were asleep, the car we share was robbed. He came home from work, didn't lock the car, and I woke up this morning to go to a doctors appointment to find it ransacked. Now, the only things of true value that were lost were both our sunglasses, although some other things like phone chargers and an aux cord (some illegal fireworks were stolen too, but, ya know, they're illegal, not gonna count that) were lost as well. His sunglasses are prescription, which he got through the eye doctor, along with our parents paying for them. My sunglasses are polarized Oakley Holbrooks, not the most expensive sunglasses in the world but still a bit of a cost, which I payed for with my own money. My brother has always been a little careless when it comes to our car. I, however, am essentially paranoid; I even lock the car when we are parked in the garage. I've told him in the past he should always lock the car. We live in a very middle class neighborhood, so this thing is not common or anything, but I still feel he should be obligated to pay for them. My mom and him disagree saying ""it's not his fault"", when I feel it is. If he just locked the car, nothing would have been stolen. Am I being unreasonable, or is he not taking responsibility?"
829,"AITA for telling my cousin I don’t want to be her friend anymore? So my cousin, “Kay,” and I (we’re both female) are very close in age and we grew up near to each other. All through our younger years, we were best friends. When we were both 10, we promised each other that we would be the maid-of-honor at each other’s weddings. Then when we were in middle school, Kay moved away and we slowly drifted apart. Fast forward 10 years. I started to realize that our “friendship” meant a lot more to Kay than it did to me. She was always the one calling/texting me to catch up, never the other way around. I just didn’t feel like we had that much in common anymore. Frankly, trying to stay connected with her as much as she wanted was exhausting to me, and I began to get irritated at having to “force” this friendship that my clingy cousin obviously wanted way more than I did. All this came to a head in March when Kay announced her engagement to her boyfriend, “Jake.” I’ve only met the guy twice, and he seems nice enough, but I’m having a hard time being enthusiastic about the marriage. Without going into the long details of why, I basically think Kay is too immature to get married right now. So when Kay called me all excited about her engagement, I told her how I felt. She was very defensive and hurt over it. She wanted me to be excited for her, but I wasn’t and didn’t see why I should force enthusiasm just to make her happy. This led to several weeks of silence between us, which was fine by me. Then Kay started to reach out to me again and try and bring me in on wedding plans, saying she still wanted me for her maid-of-honor. That’s when I realized that it was stupid to keep doing this. I sent her a long text where I basically told her that I didn’t want to be her maid-of-honor, and honestly I didn’t really even want to be her friend anymore. Just because we are cousins, doesn’t mean we have to be friends. Now all her friends and the most of our family have basically been calling me an asshole. They tell me I should be supportive and happy for my cousin and that she’s devastated by my “betrayal.” But I can’t help having my opinions and feeling the way I do. Even though I know my text hurt Kay, wouldn’t it have hurt her more to go through the whole thing as her reluctant maid-of-honor? AITA for finally being honest with her about our one-sided “friendship?”"
830,"AITA for not wanting to pay extra for internet? Okay, so, I haven't dealt with the situation yet and I'm looking for some input here. I'm a university student nearing the end of a 16-month internship. I had to move for this internship and I'm renting a basement apartment near my place of work from a retired couple. In the contract for this apartment, it stated it was all-inclusive. Specifically relevant to this AITA is that internet was included. 8 months ago, the couple I'm renting from decided they wanted to have a long visit in Florida for the winter. They told me they would be gone for 2 months and asked if I would be willing to pay for the internet while they were away, as I would be the only one using it. I agreed at the time because it was within my budget to spare an extra $150 for the two months of internet service ($75/month). However, the wife had an accident near the end of their stay in Florida and ended up staying for an extra 6 months recovering. They just got back yesterday. Today, she asked me for a cheque for the $600 for the 8 months of internet. Am I the asshole for not wanting to pay for the extra 6 months of internet service?"
831,"AITA For leaving work? I'm a waiter at a small restaurant with a bar. It's late at night, and I just clocked out. I have to collect my tips from the bar. The bar is moderately busy- not empty, but not super packed. I go over to the bartender, and show him my tip stub and ask him if he can give me my tips. His response is, ""Can you go get me ten pint glasses?"" My response was, ""I just clocked out."" His- ""Can you go get me ten pint glasses?"" So, I rolled my eyes, went back to the server area, and grabbed about 5 while intending to grab the rest on the second trip. I come back with the glasses, and he is speaking to a customer. Here are his words. ""Why don't you take that tip stub before I shove it up your ass, and go get me what I asked for. "" So, I placed down the 5 glasses on the bar, said ""you get 5,"" and walked out of the restaurant without even collecting my tips. So, am I the asshole for not finishing what he asked me to do? I think the situation is complicated by the fact that he is one of my close friend's father. He is known to be a bit abrasive at times, and has no problem with speaking his mind. Who's the asshole here?"
832,AITA for not having remorse for a teenager who may spend life in prison? The homicide rate in Philadelphia is up 4% from the same time frame last year. The shootings and killings are getting close to home and my friend lives 30 miles away in a different city. Her friends son is being charged with murder...here's an article about the murder in question; http://www.nbcphiladelphia.com/news/local/16-Year-Old-Charged-With-Murder-in-Deadly-Southwest-Philadelphia-Basketball-Game-Shooting-387883902.html I've been following this since it happened. Here's the conversation I had with my friend this morning and now she isn't speaking to me. We've been friends for 33 years and I need to know whether or not I should apologize to her. https://imgur.com/a/uALGn
833,"AITA in this Aldi shopping cart related situation? If you've never been to an Aldi grocery store, you should go because they're great. Their shopping carts have a slot to deposit a quarter to unlock it, then you get your quarter back when you put the cart away. This allows them to not hire cart wranglers and keeps the parking lot clear. I never carry change, and I almost always forget to bring a quarter shopping with me. Most of the time (like 90%) there is a buggy set aside, not in anyone's way but also not chained to the other carts. I use that one, then put it back where I found it (or close to the other carts if it was left in the parking lot when I found it.) I figure it's like an honor system thing. I needed a buggy and didn't have change, someone graciously left the quarter in there in case someone else might need it, and I did need it. I don't chain it back and take the quarter, but I also don't leave it in the parking lot or in the way. I simply leave it for the inevitable next person in my situation. Today a guy behind me put his cart back, got his quarter, then took my cart (which was in no way obstructing the aisle to the other carts), locked it up, and took that quarter too. He clearly saw me leave it, I feel like I was obviously intentional and not like I was just too lazy to lock it in (I walked it up like right next to the other carts). Someone said I was the asshole for not locking it up, but it wasn't my quarter to begin with and I didn't leave it on the lot, so I definitely disagree with that person. This feels like a modern episode of Seinfeld, but seriously, am I the asshole here?"
834,"AITA for refusing a lady's suggestions? Here's a little backstory: I went to go get a new haircut at a hair salon in a shopping center near my house. My barber suggested me to use hair gel in order to obtain the hairstyle I desired. Consequently, I decided to buy hair gel in their in built store in the salon. The receptionist suggested that I use wax. I told her that the barber recommended hair gel. It was at this point where she just ignored what I said and continued recommending me other hair waxes. As a result, I decided to just wait out her trying to persuade me to buy these hair waxes she suggested. As she finished her persuasion, I just flat out ignored her and said ""Ok cool, I would like to get the hair gel please."" She stared at me blankly and proceeded to check out the hair gel. Reddit, everyone I've told this to has considered me an asshole for this. So I leave this to you guys, was I the asshole?"
835,AITA for asking for my money back. My PC had been having some issues so I took it to a local shop to have it looked at. He told me that my motherboard was bad and charged me a $45 diagnostic fee. I bought a new motherboard and rewired my PC but again the PC had the same issues. I called him and he told me to bring it back. I did and he now said it was the CPU. I asked him if he tested the ram and he said he did. I took my PC home and put in some spare ram that I had laying around. Now the PC works perfectly. I called him and told him that I wanted my money back because he didn't diagnose the issue correctly. I asked him to test the ram and he said he did but clearly he didn't because with different ram it works fine. I told him that because of him I went through the pain of buying a new motherboard and rebuilt my whole PC. I told him that because he didn't diagnose the issue correctly I would like my $45 that he charged me to diagnose my PC back. He refused. Am I the asshole for asking for my money back?
836,"AITA for not wanting sex the minute I got home from a 6 day trip? Background: my husband and I have been in a rough patch for a few months. Married 15 years. I just got back from a business trip tonight after being gone nearly a week. I have spent the whole day traveling and am exhausted. My cab hit horrendous traffic on the way to the airport and my flight was delayed nearly 3 hours. If all that wasn't enough, we had my husbands family in town this week and as things went, I was gone basically their whole visit. So I went straight from the car lot to their hotel so we could at least greet each other. I got home after 10pm, which means I've been trying to get home for 12 hours. I didn't even unpack. I just freshened up and went to bed. He was asleep so I figured I'd read a bit to unwind before having to go back to work in the morning. I wasn't even in bed a minute and he woke up. I kissed him and said good night as I know he gets up super early. A minute passes and I just feel this giant boner pressing up against me. I ignore it and keep reading. He starts petting my arms and hand, so I take the hint and put down my phone. Then he just starts making out with me. I feel like this is bullshit. I JUST got home. Next he tries to go down on me, so I stop him and asked if it could just be a quickie. He gets offended and just stopped all together. I get that he missed me, but am I the asshole for thinking it's inconsiderate to want sex literally seconds after I got home? We hadn't even spoken yet."
837,"AITA for taking free samples multiple times for the past few days? Day 1: I'm an intern in a company and Pocky, a biscuit stick brand, went to our company to offer free samples and sell their somewhat new products at a cheaper price. Now, my colleagues and I went to see it and we took free samples about 2 sticks each time and we repeated several times for about an hour. Day 2: I go to work via train. And as soon as I get out of the Train Station, they were giving away small packs of chips, Mr. Chips to be exact, so I took one. There were 3 people giving them away (separately). I have walked a few meters and I realized I could get more so I came back and literally took more."
838,AITA for not wanting to give my phone to a stranger? So I was at a train station at quarter to 5 in the morning. There came this guy to me asking in broken english if he could call his friend. I let him dictate me the number and put the call on loud since they were talking in russian anyways. I didn't want to appear rude but you never know what people in the middle of the night are up to me. Sorry for my brevity I'm on mobile.
839,AITA for messaging my friend when he said he is eating Okay so I have this friend of mine Eric we used to hang out a lot a few years ago but I moved to a different part of town and he is trying to run a video business. I like to FB message him sometimes tho just to keep in touch. Anyways it always seems like he is busy tho and one evening I messaged him and we chatted quickly but then he randomly says he has to stop because he is eating. Now I dot want to be a jerk so I stopped. I was just wondering is it wrong to message someone when they are eating? It reminds me of this other girl friend I used to have she would always use that as an excuse not to talk to me.
840,"AITA for being unable to help my friend? Hi all, here's a little backstory. Basically, my friend Sean and I were friends with some people that we've met online through video games and have had many conversations through skype. Consequently, a member in our friend group organised an outing which Sean was unable to attend due to being ill (I also forgot to tell him about it). In addition, he felt pretty bummed out as he really wanted to meet the online friends in person. As a result, we promised him that we would make sure he could attend the next outing. Eventually, just near the end of last month, the same member of our group organised a second outing. This really excited Sean as it was guaranteed he would be able to attend. However, just yesterday, I received news that the idiotic organizer had postponed the date last minute as she forgot she had something on that date. This meant that the outing was unfortunately organised on Sean's father's birthday. I tried hard to persuade the group to postpone the date but they all cast Sean aside as they felt they would have more fun without him. This really upset him. Earlier today, I had also asked Sean if he could attend the outing. He replied, ""Dude come on it's my dad's birthday, I told you this before."" I then jokingly replied, ""Dude chill, I was just asking a harmless question."" He just ended the skype call and hasn't talked to me since. So reddit, was I the asshole?"
841,"AITA for not being attracted to transgenders and wanting to be warned if some nsfw material involves transgenders? This is really just ""Am I justified in thinking this"" instead of am I an asshole, but it's something that I always think about whenever I see nsfw material where the girls and transgenders and it isn't pointed out. (Barring subreddits dedicated to trans porn ofc) I'm just not attracted to transgenders, and it's not strictly a physical thing, as some male to female transgenders can be quite attractive, but mentally I just find it off putting sexuality wise. I am 100% all for trans rights and their ability to do it and for them to have access to all the same things everyone else can access, I just don't find transgenders attractive. Basically I'm asking if I'm in the wrong for A: Not finding transgenders attractive, and B: Wanting to be warned when they're in nsfw media and such? I'm sorry if this is poorly formatted but I'm pretty sure I got my point across. EDIT: Okay well after reading through the responses, I think I know for sure what my problem is, and it's that I don't understand how they think, because Women and Men are fundamentally different mentally and they will approach things differently even if a man and woman had the exact same upbringing, so it bothers me that does a transgender still think like the sex they changed from? Would a trans male to female still think on a male level? Because it's like this for me, they may be a female or male physically, but mentally do they think like a male or female? I think if A trans male to female had a near exact biology to a female, I don't think have a problem with it, but as far as trans technology is today I don't think I would personally be comfortable dating a transgender. Still unsure if I'm justified in that though lol, I'm just a bit more sure what my problem is. Thanks to everyone who replied or is going to btw."
842,"AITA for inviting my cousin to my wedding but not parents? It's a small wedding me and my fiance are planning, one of those close friends and family type deals. Thing is, other than my parents and siblings, this cousin (we'll call her Lisa) and her immediate family is the only other ""family"" I would say I've ever been close to. When my family first came to the States from Mexico, they took us in and we lived there for about 2 years before my parents were finally on their feet. During that time, me and my siblings got very close to Lisa and my aunt was like a second mom to me. But over the last couple of years, aunt and uncle have done stuff to members of my family to drastically change the way I feel about them, despite never being anything but nice and supportive of me personally. Stand out being hiring my not-authorized-to-work-in the US father to work at their AC business and then grossly underpaying him compared to their other employees. Another shitty thing was when my mother got re-married, they refused to show up to the wedding because they're strict Mormons and had still held a grudge about the fact that she got divorced in the first place. To round it out with 3 solid examples, Lisa got pregnant in high school and though they ended up supporting her and helped her finish school after she had the kid, I found out after the fact that they initially tried to have her abort the baby before anybody could know that she was pregnant in the first place. Ever since I sent out the invitations, Lisa tells me it's driven a bit of a wedge between them, though they haven't approached me about it at all. I mostly just didn't want them there for the sake of my parents feeling comfortable and letting old grudges upset them on what should be a happy day, but I've started to feel a little bit of guilt given that they never did anything to me personally. Should I just have made my parents suck it up, or was I right not to invite them?"
843,"AITA for dropping my friend? He was the friend I spent the most time with, so now my weekends are sporadic and not with the same people as the previous ones. I'll try to keep this short. edit: *failed*, sorry. TL;DR Idiot friend is an idiot, and I told him I'm done with him. My life is better now. I had this friend, who I *thought* was a like-minded individual - we share the same taste in music, have generally the same outlook on life, we both play guitar, share a lot of other tastes too (like video games). Up until last weekend, I used to have him come over every Saturday to game, until I just couldn't take it any more. I'll start with the video games, which can be summed up in this post - https://www.reddit.com/r/BorderlandsPreSequel/comments/4ajbuq/how_do_you_deal_with_clueless_gamers/ - but let me add some more, as that post is one particular video game. He, as I did, grew up playing video games. You know people who, when they were little, spent a lot of time video gaming? You know how they generally tend to be good at pretty much any game you throw at them? Not this guy. Obviously I got tired of playing that game with him, so I spent the last five or six weekends trying out all kinds of different games, old and new, to try and find *something* that he'd be good at. But it always ended up in the same fashion - He was completely incapable of working as a team, I had to consistently remind him to stay on the objective, at boss fights I would explain the mechanics (wasting my breath) as I just could not get *anything* at *all* through to his skull about what needs to be done. I hated leaving him behind in BL TPS, so we played *tons* of other coop games (games he even played before), hoping one would activate something in his brain to become something close to a competent partner. I couldn't take it any more - I wound up just getting so irritated and frustrated with him. Now on to reality. This guy hasn't had a job for about a year now. All he does is read comic books at his tyrannical mother's house (those Saturdays spent with me were his only freedom from her). The thing is, we would get really deep into some really good conversations - topics like how to make money without leaving your house, how the Dark Web works, how to do blah blah blah. And what I would do after these conversations is do some research and email him some cool information I found on whatever topic it was, then I would tell him ""Hey, I sent you this email about that topic - check it out! Let's see what else we can learn, or let's see if we could utilize this somehow."" And then he would never even *bother* to *open* the email. I once even did a lot of research on resume-building (how to best format a resume and"
844,"AITA? Spouse ignored me, quit job Trying to keep this gender unspecific, cos that shouldn't matter. But it might be obvious though. Recently my partner told me they didn't much like their job with company car (I'll come back to that) etc, too much stress, and the management were d**ks... My advice was to try to tolerate it a little while longer because it was a great job to have while looking for a better one. And it's usually easier to find a job when you have one.. And they weren't having much come back from applications (I thought anything better than nothing). P had an email from manager more recently, asking to meet and go through numbers and targets etc. P took this as a imminent firing and immediately wanted to resign. I suggest maybe that's the case, but go along, be reasonable but stand up for yourself, maybe ask to resign if he says that's it. P didn't like this advice so went to their parents, to be told to do whatever they like, and that I (me) should agree regardless. I have a little bit of savings that I've been putting by from my wages, but also almost as much debt. The savings are at a higher rate of interest than debt, so not paying off yet. I may struggle to meet all the monthly bills etc, and I'm also slightly worried about my own job. I'm p**sed as I think this should have been a decision we both made. Parents in law knew my thoughts.. In the past, partner stated I'm better with finances so will trust me to handle that.. Given that Im the only party who knows the ins and outs of our financial situation, I'd have liked a bit more say in this decision. I've not really had any time for spouses parents since, as it seems to me like they've interfered, and should have said it's between you 2, go discuss it more.. And they are now p**sed at me for not being ""supportive"". I think no one can see my side, which is making me feel like s**t. To add insult to injury, partner now needs a new car. They were determined to get a brand new one on lease, I've had to beg to be more modest and get a used car outright from savings (meaning debts are now greater than savings). But at least no monthly commitment. Partner said not good enough, want new... but after many arguments came around to the idea of spending a bit less. Now I feel unappreciated, disrespected, and undermined. Like all the decision making privileges i thought I had a part of have been revoked, and that I've just gotta do as I'm told. And that's making me stew and get even more riled up and possibly unreasonable... Am i being unreasonable? Sorry for typos, on phone. Update: Other half packing bags. Super Dad coming round any minute to collect partner and things."
845,"AITA for wanting (and at times, asking) acquaintances to follow me back on Twitter Here's my background, for years I only use facebook as my Social Media Account while Reddit as a private stuff account which I only recently used more. Now I have a professor who always give bonus points for following his instructions on Twitter (Bring a stuff, Retweet this, etc.). I rarely get these information since no one is sharing the 'news' on Facebook. So I decided to create my Twitter account just this year (can't remember the month.) just to get updated. Then I continued using it and asked for a few followers via Facebook and I followed them back. After some time, I followed more acquaintances especially because everyone is following everyone else on Twitter so I tried doing the same thing until I got bored and no one seems to follow me back. I decided to message them in Facebook, and I got ignored. I also decided to mention them in twitter and one of them replied a big 'NO' as a reply. The rest of the people liked that reply. And people even tweeted seemingly indirect comments towards me, saying 'Cancer'. I couldn't tell for sure that was me but I was the only recent ""event"" that happened at that time. There was also a time where I replied to someone's tweet, someone who I asked to follow me but I know we're good. I corrected his grammar but I made sure it sounded like a joke. He got mad and blocked me and I don't see why. Is it wrong for me to ask for followers? Everyone follows everyone else, what's wrong if they follow me? As of now, I have 46 Followers and I guess 25% of those are total strangers."
846,"AITA for not wanting to meet some random guy off the highway to sell something for my boyfriend? My boyfriend asked me to meet a trucker off of a major local highway to sell a mixer. I already am uncomfortable with this, being a petite woman that will be alone, plus there was no location pinned down. My boyfriend is now mad because I didn't want him to give my phone number to this guy and figure out where and when in the next hour to meet him. He's more angry because he met someone to sell my truck yesterday at the Home Depot 1/4 mile down the street yesterday. AITA?"
847,"AITA for wanting to make money off a friend? I recently found a way to buy ""products"" and sell them at a higher price yet still cheaper than every where else. So my friend wanted me to get him it at the exact price I get it for. I said no but I offered him a deal where he is getting it still extremely cheap yet I am still making profit. He got mad and told me I was putting money before friendship. I told him he was over reacting and we havent spoke since. I feel like I did nothing wrong but I would like your opinion."
848,"AITA for inviting a friend to stay with me in my apartment? I'm moving into my first apartment next month. I am 18 (almost 19) F, and I have three roommates who I think are 20ishF. We're all college students. Our apartment is a 4/4, so we each have our own bedrooms and bathrooms. All utilities are included in our rent except for electricity, which we split four ways and is usually very low from what I've heard. Two of the girls currently live there; me and another girl are replacing two other girls who are moving out. One of my best friends ""Kayla"" is living in a dorm this year. She is working at a restaurant on campus, and needs to come up the week before school starts for job training. However, the dorm housing people didn't approve her request for an early move-in, so she doesn't have anywhere to stay for the four days before the dorms open. Naturally, I told her she was welcome to stay with me. I thought nothing of it since the only spaces I share with my roommates are the kitchen and the living room, and Kayla is incredibly shy so she won't be coming out there much anyway. My roommates and I have a group chat that we made so we can see who has what for the apartment, decide what we still need, that sort of thing. A few days ago I texted the group chat and let them know that my friend Kayla would be staying with me from X date to Y date (four days). Later, one of my roommates ""Jordan"" replies, and her tone sounds really pissed off. It's probably pertinent to note that Jordan is one of the two who already lives in the apartment. I'd copy the whole text, but it was really long and pretty convoluted so I'll sum up. She basically said that that isn't the way we run things in the apartment, that we always get the other girls' permission before having guests, even if it's just for one night. She said she wasn't comfortable having a stranger in her home and asked me to tell Kayla she wasn't welcome to stay. The other two girls didn't say anything. I texted Jordan outside the group chat and told her that I wasn't going to uninvite my friend who needed a place to stay. I said I understand her concerns, and if I had someone who planned to stay longer than a week or so I would get everyone's approval first, but that I don't think I need her permission to host a guest in my bedroom for a couple days. Jordan replied and brought up the electricity bill, and that she thinks it'll skyrocket with one more person staying there. (For four days?? I seriously doubt that, but I've never paid an electricity bill before so that's something I admit I'm in the dark on.) She said that if I insist on having an ""unwelcomed"" guest, I should pay more for the electricity bill that"
849,"AITA for throwing a couple of K-Pop Photocards in the air outside the arena of a concert instead of giving them away? Ok, so last Saturday, BTS, a K-Pop group had a concert in the Philippines. The crowd was extremely toxic (on my opinion) and people were hoping to get tickets, both legal and illegal, as well as freebies. I'm not a fan but my sister is, yet she wasn't allowed to buy a ticket. So almost half of the whole day, we went around the mall (outside the arena) trying to obtain freebies. Every time someone would give away freebies, people will run to the person and people wouldn't care about the person giving them away, even snatching every single one selfishly (example: banners, fan art). I even seen a situation where a fan art was tear in half. And it's kind of heartbreaking, especially for the owner, to see their art getting tear apart because people want to get them for themselves. At one point, I saw another crowd, I decided go through the back instead of going with the crowd, this time the person was giving away some photocards. Since only a few was beside me, I got the chance to grab about 5-7 copies and blocked all hands trying to grab those cards and helped the person giving them away 'escape'. Now, what I did, even explained ""to be fair with everyone"", is threw the photocards one by one into the air. Some of them where saying (""Wag n'yo naman po itapon"" translates to ""Please don't just throw them"") OR (""Kahit isa lang po"" translates to ""Just one please"") but I ignored them. I threw all of those except one to keep it for my sister. In the end, I felt proud of myself trying to help at least those, I think, Fan Club Leaders to survive the ""carnage"" and get one of those to my sister. Yet I felt a sudden guilt that I did probably something wrong."
850,"AITA for not wanting to take care of dad nor sympathizing with him? I am 22 years old, male. My dad was a verbally abusive alcoholic towards me and my mom. He never quite veered into physical with me, but he had beat on my mother several times throughout my life. I hated (And still hate) his guts, but was too scared to tell my teachers what was going on at home. My dad eventually developed dementia, likely brought on by him drinking himself into it. He's had it for close to 10 years now (He was in his 50s when he was diagnosed) and my mom took care of him before she died. She did get POA over him, but she gave it back to him when she thought he had ""got better."" (Yes, I knew that was fucking dumb. I miss her, but WTF?) I thought he had medicaid. So, my plan was when his condition worsened I'd stick him in a nursing home. However, I don't know when exactly, but he was switched to medicare because he (Or my mom, again I'm not sure when nor is anyone in the family) had allowed too much money into his bank account. That money sure as shit wasn't there when his condition worsened last year. I couldn't find anything to tell where, exactly, he had blew his money to. I was able to get him to give me POA, but at this point it was too little too late with nothing but a nicely worded ""Tough shit"" from the social worker who was helping me. I have told my mom's side of the family that I don't want to take care of him and that I, quite honestly, don't feel a shred of sympathy for him and they offer verbal support and say they don't blame me one bit. My dad's side, however, says I'm ""morally obligated"" to take care of my father regardless of how he treated me growing up (They also say he couldn't help the drinking nor the abuse since it's ""in the genes"") and that I'm a disgusting human being for not sympathizing with him for (probably) putting himself in this condition, occasionally saying if I don't I will have ""Failed my mom"". So, are they right? AITA?"
851,"AITA for publicly shaming a stranger for not cleaning up after his dog? Today while walking towards my apartment, I saw a guy letting his dog make brown in the patch of grass right in front of my unit. The dog finished right as I got near and the guy walked off without a second thought. I was annoyed, so I asked the guy, ""do you have a bag for that?"" and he just shrugged and offered a dismissive apology without breaking stride. I'm pretty sure his was a dick move, but is it the kind of behavior that warrants the scolding of a grown man? In giving him that scolding, did I become the asshole?"
852,"AITA for requesting my own bedroom at a beach house? I will call this a proactive AITA request because there has been no fuss about it yet, but I fear tension on the horizon. In February, I was invited by a good friend to go with him on his wife's family's family summer vacation. While many others on the trip are friends of mine as well, I am not good enough friends with any of them that I would be going if my buddy who invited me was not. In a beach house with a max of 16, I believe the current head-count is 14. And me, Mr. Bc43004, is the only single man and perhaps one of two non-family members. Anyway, knowing this would be a week's summer vacation, I knew I would not have much of a good time if I were to share a bedroom with someone who may border on total stranger. I am a 33 year old single man who's not much interested in rooming up with another dude, a woman I'd be very unlikely to have sex with, or God forbid any of the teenage boys going on the trip who would inevitably draw dicks on my face with a sharpie on the nights I pass out drunk. It was a standard request as part of the buying terms that I do not co-habitate. My friend said that made sense and we made it part of the deal. Anyway, this is a family vacation that I was invited to participate. I really don't want anyone to have to crash on sofa-beds, but I also really don't want to share a bedroom. Say we arrive, and as an outsider I'm outnumbered 11-3 that I should share the bedroom to prevent someone from air-mattressing, am I the asshole if I say absolutely not? I made it clear from the get-go I would pay a premium for the single's room, though my buddy did not charge me said premium. For that reason, I am currently receiving a hell of a bargain. Curious to everyone's thoughts. TL;DR: Going on a family vacation but it is not my family's vacation. I do not wish to share a bedroom no matter how crowded the beach house may be because it's not what mid-30's single men with jobs do."
853,"AITA for not paying for rental car damages not reported for five months? I rented a car in February. A month after I returned it, they filled out a damage form and took some photos at another facility. Four months after that they finally got around to telling me about the damages. I don't think I caused them. They aren't minor, there's a whole missing fog light assembly, cracked bumper, and other things I couldn't have overlooked. I could have gotten security footage showing the car coming in, if they'd informed me in <30 days. Am I an asshole for telling them to pound sand after waiting this long to inform me? (yes, I normally take photos before and after. My phone was dead.)"
854,"AITA for never wishing my step father a happy Father's Day? I've recently moved out, but this has been bothering me for a while. My step father has never treated me like I was his kid or even part of his family at all. He moved in when I was 7 (20 now) and made absolutely no effort to bond with me. I loved his friends that would come over and was infinitely more comfortable with them. I was terrified to speak to him since I only seemed to annoy him. In the next decade, he rarely said anything to me that he didn't absolutely need to, and I spend the time incredibly anxious to speak to him while also cherishing the rare moments he would play a game with me, or teach me something a it the guitar. He would give me cash for Christmas and my birthday, and nothing for any other holiday. We didn't speak to the extent that he's never said ""goodbye,"" ""good night,"" or any form of ""I love you"" at all to me. A couple years ago my mom told me I should say something for Father's Day. And I said ""that would be really awkward."" She asked why, and after I said he wasn't really fatherly to me, she said he'd given me advice ""and stuff.."" He did give me advice once, he told me not to get a neck or wrist tattoo because I would never get a job. Obviously. Anyway. I was wondering if my mom was right and that I should have said something during those years. He has been in my life for over a decade after all."
855,"AITA for being pissed that my friend, who referred me to her employer, withheld information about the interview progress while I held out quitting my job? So, some context. I (29f) have a friend (45f) who I met back in 2007 as she hired me. I was an exemplary employee and we were friends that respected the work/boss boundary. We haven't worked for said company for years, but we stayed close since. She's seen me work my ass off during my twenties. Despite the age difference, she's never had her financial shit in order. I have ALWAYS made substantially less than her/then husband. She borrowed $40 during a time when I could barely afford to eat because she really needed it. Because of the petty amount (albeit I needed it), I didn't mention anything... until years later when she was bragging about how she pays everyone back. I just mentioned it out of principal. She started working for a large finance company and gained the employment by a referral. She recommended me and I was first interviewed in 2008 before the global economic crisis mandated hiring freezes on the finance sector. I didn't get the job, but in all fairness, I didn't have experience. I ended up getting into banking two years later and worked my ass up into a lending role. Back in 2014, I applied on her recommendation. This was while I had banking experience (asset), but not yet lending. I was passed in favour of a candidate that did have just a little bit more, but was told it was a very difficult position. Sometime last year, I was doing better financially. Same friend has always been poor at managing her money (she makes about 20k more than I do, but with similar expenses). I wanted to go on a weekend trip.. she desperately wanted to go but couldn't afford accommodation but said she'd chip in with food. I was OK with that. We went shopping for groceries and she started loading the cart excessively as though we were there for a week. I didn't moderate her because she said she'd pitch in for groceries. The entire weekend came and went, and she didn't spend a dime but took money out for activities for herself. I was perplexed, and followed up when we went home. I was a bit aggressive about it because I felt exploited. She felt really bad about her behavior. She paid me back (not what I was expecting). Time goes on, and I let it go. I quit my job after carefully saving up living expenses for a year. I took a job that an old contact sold me on. Completely based on lies. Staff is absolutely terrible and toxic. I get bullied and alienated. Friend knows this and is excited to tell me mid June that same company is hiring. By July I haven't heard anything, but she reassures me that they're just busy. I feel like an asshole, but don't ask her specifics by mid July. I just vented that with everything going"
856,"AITA for trying to convince my Mom that she's not gonna get back together with Dad? ~2 years ago, my Dad decided he was unhappy with his marriage, so he decided to divorce my Mom. This left Mom a wreck, and depressed, and generally unfun to be around usually. ~2 years after that (i.e. now), my Dad has moved out, but my Mom still thinks there's a chance that they can get back together. I'm trying to convince her to let it go, but she still essentially begs him to come back. Should I be trying to give her hope, or try to help her move on?"
857,"AITA for being single and trying to get my sex life going... while living with my ex? The situation's just as cringe-worthy, awkward, and uncomfortable as you could possibly imagine. We'll call him Jay. 23 y/o male. I'm 21. Our background is that we met at a bar and I impulsively moved him in at the beginning of July. We began feeling like we didn't really click, in the end, and we both came to acknowledge that. I broke us up about a week ago. Jay went through my phone after we just had sex, and read all the text messages I made to a few different guys hours prior about how I was trying to plan how I spend my free/fun time in the long run/course of the next whenever. I've only slept with one guy once since we broke up, and I told him that, but he asked me before storming out if fucking me was going to prevent me from sleeping with other people, despite the fact that we openly know we're not compatible with each other in many, if any aspects of a tender, nurturing relationship. He told me he felt used, but I was the one that made the ground rules that we as free individuals can choose who we want, when we want, as long as neither of us brought them back home with us to fuck in our bed, which I hadn't done. That was our only boundary that we agreed on. Admittedly, I know I'm at least 50% asshole, because I'm aware that you really shouldn't sleep with your exes, especially when they're hyper emotional, but I just feel like in order to avoid being a hypocrite and breaking my own house rules, to take him when we're both needy. Edited: More detail."
858,"AITA? I'm trying to get the Pepsi guy fired. This guy is a friggin' slob. He shows up at my office twice a week smelling like cat piss. He leaves a mountain of food (literally a pile of shitty vending machine sandwiches 2 feet tall and 3 feet wide) on the break room table. As the manager on this floor, I'm forced to clean out the refrigerator to make room for this nearly expired crap that no one wanted when it was fresh and for sale- but for some reason everybody's like ""yay! Free food"" when dude is too lazy to pack it up. I know he's supposed to take that shit with him. All of this and the thing I hate the most about him is that he's a big slovenly fat guy and HE DOESN'T PICK UP HIS FEET WHEN HE WALKS. So far, all I've done is make complaints with our internal person that handles all the vendors. I'm the only one that has to deal with this walking pigpen (he gives me the change people lose in the machine, I'm sometimes asked to open or hold the door so he can pull his cart through, when we need plasticware I have to speak to him). IMO, he's gross. He's lazy. He smells bad. He's a bad employee. I want him GONE."
859,"AITA: My wife and I were going to be going to a Dallas Cowboys game for Thanksgiving, but her dad asked her to consider flying out to CA for Thanksgiving instead. I think I'm being reasonable in this conversation, but she doesn't seem to think so. *Wife: My Dad said this in an email today, “I just found out that T-Day is at Heather's this year...maybe you could think of flying out for a couple of days? SW into Sac and I pick you up heading to Chico overnight, back down to Heather's...I don't the rest of the plan. I would help with the ticket cost. Something to think about.” *Me: No Cowboys game? *Wife: I think maybe the reason why he is suggesting the trip is because of my grandparent’s age. I know that was the wrong use of that apostrophe, but I couldn’t decide what was the right thing. *Me: OK. *Wife:I don’t know. What do you think? *Me: I dunno. I kinda wanted to go to the Cowboys game. *Wife: I just thought that the reason why we were going was because we couldn’t afford to spend time with our families. *Me: Well, I had it in my mind that we were going to go to the Cowboys game, that’s what I started looking forward to. *Wife: Alright, then. *Me: Did you already look at flights prices for those days? *Wife: I looked, but I don’t want to do something that you don’t want to do. *Me: Well, I think there needs to be a little more discussion than my just saying that I kinda wanted to go to the Cowboys game. And I don’t know how much your dad would be willing to chip in, but $800 for flights is pretty expensive. *Wife: You just sounded pretty set on the game. *Me: Well, that has been the plan for the past three months, so of course that’s what I would be set on. *Wife: I just thought the prospect was nice...and you didn’t say anything really encouraging. I just don’t really know what else I’m supposed to take from that. When I tell you what he said, all you said was, “No Cowboys?” And then I explain and you just say, “OK.” It just kind of hurt my feelings. I didn’t really feel like you cared about what I said. Obviously, we have to talk about it, but I thought at least you would think it was a nice option. *Me: It’s an OK option. The prospect of seeing your family would be nice, but like I said, I was kind of excited about the Cowboys game — which was already going to be a little more than I would have liked to spend. And, really, until we know what your dad is willing to pay, I don’t think we can really make a decision because there’s a possibility that we’re going to have to pay upwards of $600 or so to go to AZ for Christmas. *Wife: He was saying that he would pay for our tickets,"
860,"AITA: I use women's solitary bathrooms when the men's room is taken. Am I the asshole? I think that if a bathroom has a locking door and one toilet whether your genitals/triangle dress silhouette/tacky euphemism for gender match the placard on the door is moot, as long as you don't pee on the seat. But the other day I walked up to a set of bathrooms at a rest stop, found the men's room occupied, promptly handled my business in the ladies room and walked out of the bathroom to a newly formed line of women who all shot me death glares. One even sneered at me and said ""Oh, very nice"". Am I the asshole?"
861,"AITA: I don't want to buy my nieces' school clothes. My mother texted me the other day asking if I would buy my two nieces (ages 4 and 5) clothes and shoes for school. I work in a discount store that sells clothes and things at a good price, so I'm guessing that's why my mom asked. Normally, I wouldn't have a problem with this, but my sister didn't even ask directly. Not only that, but about 3 weeks ago my sister asked me for $75 to get into her apartment. I agreed to give her $50 as I couldn't afford the $75. She texted me about this around 10 or so at night. She wanted me to try and bring the money to her that night or that morning. I don't drive. The bus ride over there is about 2 hours. I don't recall the reason she couldn't come and get the money, but my mom ended up getting it. Anyway, she assured me she'd pay me back the following week. That week passed, and I didn't hear from her. It wasn't until earlier this week that she texted me. She said she didn't forget and offered me a $20 target gift card. I like target, so I said I'd take the gift card and she can give me the rest in cash. She didn't respond to that text, and I haven't heard from her since. I think it's important to note that I am the only member of my family who doesn't drive or have a car. Everyone expects me to come to them. It's a 20 min drive vs a 2 hour bus/train ride. I know having just moved my sister probably doesn't have money to get the things my nieces' need for school. I certainly don't want them to be without. However, I can't keep going out of my way for people, even family, when they don't do the same for me, especially when I wasn't even asked directly. AITA?"
862,"AITA for misunderstanding a social que during a dance? So at the time I was a junior in highschool (16 years old) and a girl I was good friends with and liked at the time was a freshman (14). We were at Homecoming, a school dance, and if you don't know a popular ""dance"" is grinding at these events. So this was my first ever dance going to in my 3 years at highschool other than one other formal, so I wasn't sure what to expect, other than this one dance grinding that most people do. I had asked a different friend how exactly people approach another and how they go about it, and he was rather blunt and said you simply go up to a girl and start grinding... Clearly wrong, but everything I could find online about the dance wasn't very helpful either. So at the start of the night I meet up with a different girl friend and she ends up grinding on me during the dance, I obviously had no intention of not letting it happen, but there was no verbal ""consent"" I suppose. Nor did there really seem to be any from what I could tell with others. So now to the actual event where I question whether I'm an asshole: I meet up with my freshman friend and we dance a little, not grinding, only in front of each other. Then she starts dancing in front of me with her back facing me, and of course her ass facing in front of me as she backs in closer towards me, not touching me. Now from I had previously encountered and saw, this was in my mind clearly a que for me to start grinding? Well I put my hands on her hips and start grinding for a second when she turns around and says ""Sorry!"" to which I respond saying ""Sorry"" profusely. We end not meeting each other or dancing again that night and I leave shortly after feeling stupid and embarrassed. I can see being either accused of sexual assault or simply mistaking a social que or anything inbetween, but I wanted to know what others thought."
863,"AITA for a poor interaction with a local electrician? TLDR: Electrician gave expectation over the phone, provided another. My mother said something she shouldn't have to electrician. Electrician calls and yells at me. Does not give me opportunity to explain the situation. I eventually yell back and leave a bunch of nasty reviews and call them out on their irrational unprofessional behavior. I still feel shitty about it and wonder if I did something wrong. ------------------------- It's a long explanation. I'm agonizing over this and it's pretty complicated to me. At this point I have a fleeting concern that an angry, emotionally unstable electrician is going to come and burn my house down or something irrational. I call a 24 hour electrician late at night to help with a concerning power issue in my home (partial power outage to half my house). My wife and I both work, we have two young kids, one of the grandparents will come over and watch the kids during the day. I live in a small town and our choices of service providers is pretty limited. Electrician guides me through some troubleshooting over the phone at about 9:30 PM and believes it may be an issue for the power company and that the power company will do it for free. However the power company may not respond quickly enough and they'd be willing to come out at 7:30 AM the next day to check it out. They'd charge $75-$90. I accept as I can't really risk not having power in my home for a few days by dragging my feet. They come out, my mother is at my home as I told them. They indeed identify the issue as something for the power company to resolve and facilitate getting them to come out, etc. So far I've had an excellent experience with this company. They tell my mother it was $150. I didn't tell my mother how much to expect, but my mother is scrutinizing and asks why it's so much when all they did was check my meter and tell us it's not a problem for them to fix. My mother claims they tell her it's because they sent two technicians out, and that she only ever saw one. She pays them with a check I left (as they don't take credit cards). Power company comes out and fixes my issue for free. Whatever, $150 isn't a big deal to reward their excellent service. My mother won't drop it and keeps telling me I should cancel the check or tell them we'll mail them a check for a different amount. My wife and I don't care to make a big deal about it. Our power is fixed, they responded quickly and we accepted them to come out. They may have charged us more than they said they would, but I like to pick my battles. The next day I get a call from the woman who I spoke to two nights ago to set up the appointment. She immediately beings SCREAMING at me over the"
864,"AITA for playing music loud in my apartment? Alright so this is kind of a two parter. First part was last year. I'm living in an apartment complex where me and my buddies have essentially taken over the whole thing. Only a couple apartments in the building don't belong to us. Anyway we're loud and rowdy pretty much all the time but we've learned to get along with the few neighbors who aren't a part of our group. They have our numbers (well, not mine, but others who are in charge) and will call if there is a problem. So with this in mind I played music fairly loud last year while in my apartment. Not loud enough for my roommate who lived right next door to complain (he has bad hearing though) but pretty loud. And pretty late at night. Never gave much thought to it. And I had a big wooden stick to hit the ceiling with if my buddy up there was being too loud and he would do the same to me. So the end of the year rolls around and my roommate tells me he talked to the guy living below me who said he had been bothered all year by the music coming from above him (coming from me). Well shit I felt like a bit of an asshole but then I thought why the hell didn't he ever say anything? Or hit his ceiling to let me know? I would have turned it down no problem. Even worse (I almost didn't want to include this) he's a fucking grad student in medical school, which I know is incredibly hard work and sleep is very important for someone doing that sort of thing. Also the school I'm at is notorious for nerdy introverts who avoid conflict. I find this all out only like a week before I move out of the place. Second part is right now. New apartment. Started to play music but then thought of that poor fucking grad student. Was thinking of going down and just like asking the neighbors to let me know if I'm being too loud? This is kind of a bad neighborhood so I don't know if I'm gonna come off as a creep or something. I also have no fucking clue what the acoustics in this place are like if they can even hear me. So what's the protocol here? I might have been an asshole in the first incident so I'd like to try and make sure I'm not gonna be an asshole again."
865,"AITA for getting frustrated & considering breaking up with bf because of his health issues? Is it wrong of me to feel frustrated with my bf of 3 years for having gi issues and at him for refusing to get help? He is 10 years older than me (I'm in my late 20s so dont worry about me being underage, lol) and has been having health problems even before we've gone out. It's never bothered me before but lately I just feel like his health issues affect our life together. For example we plan dates (dinners, hikes, movies, outings with friends and etc) & vacations but they ALWAYS get postponed or even cancelled indefinitely because my bf gets stomach cramps and the shits. It's been bad enough that he even calls in sick to work and just stays at home resting and has to be near the washroom. Normally occurs when he eats something (ex. Too spicy, fast food, too greasy, too much dairy, etc). I have been for the past year, suggesting he should just stop or avoid eating those and take probiotics and to go see a doctor to see if he has something like an ulcer or ibs or just a sensitive gi system or something else, as it occurs even if he eats just the smallest amount of the food BUT he REFUSES TO SEE A DOCTOR or AT LEAST TRY NOT EATING THE POSSIBLE FOOD THAT MAY AFFECT HIM!!! I get so frustrated because I can't stand it when he's in pain but I also can't stand having to drop everything planned (whether if its for us, with friends or family) just to stay and help him. I've seriously considered breaking it off with him because if he does not care to try anything to help himself why should I be wasting my time trying to help him if its a futile cause. He'd get over these gi episodes but it will occur again in a cycle and each time he will refuse to get medical help. I'm not the only who tells him to see a doctor, his family, friends and even employer/employees have all talked to him about it. I just can't deal with the fact that I may be ""nursing"" him to health everytime something happens and cancel plans for the rest of my life. I feel like its the same as if I am taking care of my elderly parent, and not something I should be doing for a bf so early in life. Edit: bf finally went to the doctors, after some blood tests, he is now on meds for suspected ulcers. Hopefully it works. Thank you to everyone for their insights and suggestions. Really appreciate the help!"
866,"AITA for causing a family argument So my brother and I were watching an Olympics commercial featuring a trans man. My brother, slip or no slip, called the individual a she. I immediately corrected him and he got offended. Argument escalated into him saying he should be able to call trans people what he wants in private as long as he's civil to trans individuals in public. I compared his attitude to racism and he said I was being subjective and PC. Am I the asshole for calling him out and making the comparison?"
867,"AITA for expecting my paycheck early? I've been working for this very small company for a little over a year. There are a total of less than thirty people in the company, most of them minimum wage. I've been here longer than everyone except maybe two or three employees. When i was hired, i was told payday was on saturday, but payroll goes in on monday. When i got direct deposit, my checks started arriving on Thursday. I asked my boss (at the time) about it, and she said it just works that way sometimes. Naturally, over the course of the last year or so, i got used to payday being on thursday. This week, for stupid and unimportant reasons, I'm rather extremely strapped for cash. So i penny pinched on groceries, and I'm basically living on grilled cheese until payday. Thursday rolls around, and i check my account - still broke as fuck. No pretty paycheck to ease my troubles. I asked my boss, and he said payday is saturday, you should count yourself lucky that you've been getting paid early, and you can't be upset because you didn't get paid early. As long as the check drops on Saturday or earlier, i have no right to be upset. This has happened a couple times now (i would say four or five weeks out of the last year-ish), and i get the same answer every time. I'm upset because i feel like my boss doesn't care that most, if not all, of his employees live paycheck to paycheck and need a consistent money stream to get by. I also know it may not be his fault that the pay is late. But it might be. If payroll goes in late, paychecks come out late. I'm honestly not sure who's at fault. A few of the employees have asked to be notified if our checks are expected to be late, and that hasn't happened either. Tl;dr: 'payday' is saturday, but my direct deposit hits thursday. Paycheck doesn't come in on thursday, ask boss about it, boss says 'tough titty, you can't complain unless it's after saturday.' AITA?"
868,"AITA for ignoring my old boss? About 3 years ago I was laid off from my job, I had worked there for 9 years and had a good relationship with my boss (Dave), I learned a lot from that job, he came to my wedding, etc. After being laid off I found a new full-time job that I really like, however Dave has contacted me several times over the years asking me to do work for him. For awhile I was a little short on money so I took the work on a contract basis to make ends meet, while making it clear to him that my primary job takes priority. Problem is, as a full-time employee I made a decent wage at my old job, though I didn't really get many raises over the 9 years so by the end it was just an ""okay"" wage. However, as a contractor, there is no way in hell I would accept that little. I could easily charge three times the amount for any other client if that's the type of work I wanted to do, but he only offers to pay me my old wage per hour. And when he offers for me to do half an hour of work here and there, it's honestly not worth the time taken to create the invoices. Dave reached out again recently and asked if I'd do more work for him and I declined, and let him know that work has gotten more busy and my schedule has changed so I would no longer be able to help. I am also dealing with some anxiety issues lately and am feeling overwhelmed without the added work and pressure. Dave emailed me again twice in the last two weeks asking for help again, this time desperate, using words like ""YIKES URGENT HELP"" and asking me to instead train him, a mostly computer illiterate person on how to do something very technical. There's just no way. I have ignored both emails, but I know he really has no other options at this point. So... am I the asshole for ignoring him? **Edit**: One thing to add about why I chose to ignore the emails rather than decline again. I know that if I respond and tell him no, he will continue to email me and try to ""bargain"" and pressure me into doing something for him. There is just no way that this will end quickly with a single email back."
869,"AITA for asking for a friend for his number? I have liked a friend of a friend for a pretty long time, let's call him John, but I know John is not interested. There were quite a few awkward moments in the past because of this. We don't talk often. However, our last few interactions were pretty smooth considering the awkward past, except recently, I needed help with something only a few number of people I know could help me with. John was one of them. After asking the others who could not help me, I asked my friend for John's number. I'm going to admit that I was happy to have an excuse to talk to him but quite keen on not flirting in anyway, since I know he isn't interested. My friend told me that he told John about me needing his help for this specific thing and he said John replied with 'no.' John doesn't want me to have his number. I kinda got pissed at this, cause I did not think getting his number was a big deal, but now I'm considering that maybe the past still is awkward for John, I should not have asked, maybe I misread the situation, or maybe I don't know the whole story. Did I have the right to be pissed? I was going to talk to John about this straightforwardly but am reconsidering that decision and unsure how the next interaction with him will go. Should I pretend it's no big deal? Am I the asshole for not considering his feelings as to asking for his number?"
870,"AITA for hating last minute plans? I have social anxiety, and general anxiety. I'm also unemployed and living on disability for severe hearing loss. Don't even know what's normal anymore, which is why I'm coming here. I live on my own, a 30 minute drive from my sister's place and an hours drive from my parent's. I have been too ashamed to tell them about my anxiety, but I HAVE asked for as much notice as they can possibly give me when they want to see me. My family is the champion of last minute plans it seems. My sister has a 7 month old puppy, I agreed to go to her place to let her out and play with her a bit when my sister/husband in law work the same shift. My sister texts me anywhere from 1-4 times a week asking me to check on the puppy. She always texts me between 7 and 9 pm the night before she wants me to go over (usually around noon). My parents text me once or twice a week asking me to come for dinner. They text me between 10am and 3pm the same day they want me to come over. I understand that I'm unemployed and have free time, but I feel like it would be nice to have 24 hours notice or so when people want my time. My sister at least asks me the night before, which still doesn't feel like enough notice, but my parents expect me to basically drop everything and go running out the door the moment they text. I fight off anxiety attacks every time I have to leave my apartment. If I know I'm going out a day or more in advance, it seems to be easier to fight off the anxiety attacks. I love my family dearly, but resent them for expecting me to always be available at a moment's notice. Am I the asshole for hating last minute plans, or do normal people do this all the time? I really can't tell if it's my anxiety causing me to resent them for never giving me adequate notice, or if this is adequate notice for normal people."
871,"AITA for wanting my friend to slightly inconvenience himself for me? So it's the last weekend before we begin school, and a friend (we'll call him L) is going down to his dad's house for the weekend, and I end up tagging along, it's about 30 miles away, just a town over, no biggie. When I'm all packed up and ready to go with my 1200$ PC and PS4 (this is important for later) he says that he's going to go paintballing on Sunday (today) and if I want to come along, I really don't want to this weekend, maybe next weekend I say. He's fine with that but is still going to go this weekend with the other friend with us (we'll call him C), since we're taking his car down there (my car is getting fixed right now so I can't just follow him) we decide we'll just wing it tomorrow and find a way to get me home. We arrive, have a great night playing No Man's Sky and see Sausage Party and end up deciding that I'll ask my mom to meet me about halfway to our home the next morning before my friends go to paintball, she agrees, my friends agree. Next morning L says that he wants to get to paintball around 10:30 (right as it opens) and play till 4 (when it closes), and have enough time to make a stop before he gets to paintball. I tell him that probably won't happen since my mom is going to church at 9 this morning, won't be out till 10 and she won't arrive at our meeting place until at least 10:15, meaning it's going to be at the earliest 11 before he can get to paintball. Well this obviously is to big of a demand for me to make and he starts ranting about how ""YOU KNEW I WAS GOING TO GO PLAY PAINTBALL TODAY AND YOU STILL CAME DOWN HERE WITHOUT A WAY TO GET BACK."" But we agreed that we'd make sure I got home, I'm just asking him to slightly inconvenience himself for me. But that is a big deal according to him, so what he wants to do is drop me off at our meeting place (a slightly shady gas station) and just leave me there with around 2000$ worth of electronics with me and just have me wait there for about 30 minutes until my mom gets there. Now I know the odds of anything bad happening to me in that little time are very very low, but I'm just really confused as to why he can't just wait with me until she gets there. If our roles were switched and he had to make me late for it, hell even a couple hours late for it, I would bite the bullet and be the good guy. Just patiently wait with my friend and not just ditch him on at a gas station right off the highway. And even after I tell him that my mom hasn't even texted me"
872,"AITA for Getting Banned from /r/Askreddit The following is my conversation with the mods of Askreddit. I get that they think my joke was in poor taste or whatever, but I think their handling of it is absolutely ridiculous. AITA? subreddit message via /r/AskReddit[M] sent 19 hours ago You have been banned from participating in /r/AskReddit. You can still view and subscribe to /r/AskReddit, but you won't be able to post or comment. If you have a question regarding your ban, you can contact the moderator team for /r/AskReddit by replying to this message. Reminder from the Reddit staff: If you use another account to circumvent this subreddit ban, that will be considered a violation of the Content Policy and can result in your account being suspended from the site as a whole. permalinkdeletereportblock subredditmark unread [–]to /r/AskReddit sent 19 hours ago Why? permalink [–]from enantiodromia_[M] via /r/AskReddit sent 9 hours ago Rule 8 https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/4xjm27/have_you_ever_found_a_large_amount_of_cash_what/d6gk4cc%20 But I sometimes do wonder what would've happened. You would have fallen in love and lived happily ever after. No biggie. You'll get depressed and kill yourself next year anyways, so you won't suffer long. permalinkdeletereportblock usermark unreadreply [–]to enantiodromia_[M] via /r/AskReddit sent 3 hours ago ...rule 8 is just a catch-all. Dark humor is banned? Are you kidding? If you're going to cite a catch-all, you're going to have to explain your reasoning if you are going to cite ""mod didn't like it."" permalink [–]from -eDgAR-[M] via /r/AskReddit sent 3 hours ago You're telling someone they are going to kill themselves. You think anyone likes being told that? permalinkdeletereportblock usermark unreadreply [–]to -eDgAR-[M] via /r/AskReddit sent 3 hours ago I feel like I'm taking crazy pills. Did you even read the context of the comment? Are you suggesting that the comment was an accurate prediction of what that guy will do made in anger? It sounds like that's what you're saying. This is what it was in response to: >I once dropped a €20 bill at a small store near the airport in Sweden. I didn't notice it, then I walked to the bus station in a fast pace (I was in a rush; thought it was coming in a couple minutes). This super cute girl that worked in the store. Not the guy that I paid at. Came after me, with my bill. I thanked her 20 times in rapid succession (still in rush mode) I checked my wallet, tried to give her a €10 as a thank you. Then she didn't take it, I tried a few times, but didn't work. Had a bit of small talk with her. Then she told me that the bus comes in 10 minutes.. she takes the same route. So I relaxed.. then she asked me out! I couldn't.. I went to my friend, so.. no time to really go on a date. But I sometimes do wonder what would've happened. Facebook wasn't around much back then. I really had no time, that would've been extremely rude. You're telling me you think this user will take my comment"
873,"AITA for sending some one home from work? I am a supervisor at a local plant. One of the guys on my shift is much older than myself (he's 62 I'm 29) and try's to blow a lot of my direction off. This is mainly in the case of safety violations, and to an extent I can imagine his issues (I know that safety was not as much of a concern when he was my age, and I can imagine its not easy having someone less than half your age be your boss). The other day he completely blocked a fire extinguisher, a huge OSHA violation. When I brought it to his attention his response was ""if there is a fire I'm just going to run out of the building"" and then he drove off. This is a typical response from him and I have yet to do anything serious about it. So I took him aside and told him he needs to work with me, ""I can't keep letting this stuff slide"". He got upset and told me that if I can't take a joke then ""fuck me"". So I sent him home. Now I feel awful lol. AITA?"
874,"AITA Cashier So tonight at work I had a few occurences where I may of possibly been the @sshole, I ask for you to comment and let me know if I were and how I should've dealt with it differently. 1) Lady comes in to store, I greet her and she ignores me and heads to restroom, restrooms locked I didn't feel like leaving my register to let her know that there was a key for the ladies room. 2) Customer comes in and is really salty when I try to make conversation with him. The previous day he offers to let me keep the change (I don't really care about 40 cents) then he tells me after bagging his beer that I can give him his change and for me to stop bothering him, I only asked how he was doing. Next day he comes in I ask him how he's doing he says none of my business basically just being salty, and I ask him if he's an asshole to everyone or just me, he replies just you. I then take the beer off the counter and tell him to leave the store."
875,"AITA for going off on a manager: Alright, so last night me and my 4 friends went to go see Sausage fest, all of us are 16 and with the movie being rated R if you are not 17 an adult has to buy the tickets for you. We forgot about this rule and so when we walked up to buy the tickets I said ""5 for Sausage Fest please!"" The manager who was selling tickets looks at me and says ""Nah"". It wasn't in a joking voice it was very short sounded and very rude. My friends started laughing and I was in shock and I said ""Excuse me?"" He replied by saying that ""I need to pay attention and read the age limit sign"" Whatever I thought, we got one of my friends parents to buy an extra ticket and watch the movie with us. When we went back to the line he wasn't there so we bought the ticket and we went in. As soon as we got in my friends mom said that she had to go to the bathroom real quick and so we bought food while she was in the bathroom. The manager then came out of his office and walked over to us in the line and this is where we decided that the guy was just an absolute douche, the conversation went like this Him: So, what are you guys seeing again? Us: Sausage fest Him: What part of 17 or older do you not get? Us: We brought a parent with us dude... He then makes us wait and when she comes out he asks her a bunch of questions about if she is staying and how old she was. So we finally get into the theatre and what do you know, there he is coming inside and where does he sit? Why the row behind us of course! We just watch the movie and about halfway through he leaves. When it finished we go outside and again he tells us to ""Read the signs next time and that we should really pay attention to things"" At this point I got so fucking fed up with this dude I said ""Dude what the absolute fuck is wrong with you?, you literally will not leave us alone. You were an ass to us when we tried to buy the tickets and then you interrogated us as we bought food and hell dude you even went into the theatre only to leave after a while. It's clear that you take your job way to serious now will you fuck off?"" He told us to get out of the theatre. I told my dad and he said I shouldn't of done that but I felt like it was deserved. AITA?"
876,"AITA for arguing over a homebrew rule in an RPG? If more of a question of if it was justified. If any of you reading have played shadowrun you will know how cyber and bioware works then you can skip the next paragraph, those who haven't played or need a refresher read on, and strap in, it's gonna be a bit of a read. So in the grimdark cyberpunk future there is both magic and technology, but they tend not to mix very well. Every character has 6 essence, it's basicly your soul and the less you have the less ""human"" you are. (there are fantasy races and such in shadowrun put they are an extension of human so everyone is called a metahuman) What this means for the average person is you start the lose emotions and become more cold and logical in your actions. What this means for a Shadowrunner (one of the player characters) is how much bad ass cybernetics or biological modification (Cyberware and Bioware respectively) you can cram on to your character. For non mundane (aka magical/awakened) characters this is how effective your magic is and if you lose essance you lose magic, you can get it more of it to make up for the loss through exp, known as karma in this system, but most magic users only get very little and only if nessisary. Now you don't lose 1 ESS per piece of 'ware it depends on how invasive it is, replacing an eye takes very little, but replacing your entire nervous system takes a lot, and better grades of 'ware use less ESS as well. I think that covers the basics. **Experienced shadowruners start reading again** So the homebrew rule was as follows: Characters must stay above one essance"" normally you have to stay above zero. Now this may not sound too bad but, that's about 15% of your potential for advancement gone as a mundane character, and the ablility to spend essance like that is a mundane's only real advantage, but my big issue was that he didn't put up anything to offset it. It's like in D&D where fighters don't get anything special but they get a metric assload of extra feats and then you take away those extra feats. Now here's where the 100% I was an asshole part comes in, I argued this, for several hours, and enough that the GM was ready to not run the game. Now I didn't inturpt a session, and the game hasn't started yet. He did eventually see my side and we did make up after. But still, I want to know if you guys think this is justifiable or not. I'll be around here and there if anyone needs any clarification on anything I said."
877,"AITA for going into work early? So a little backstory. I work in an independent retail pharmacy with less than 20 employees and we recently had 2 people quit. I have an almost 2 year old and am pregnant with my second. My manager called me this morning to see if I could come in 2 hours early (I was working a short shift and going in early makes it a full shift) so that she can get her office work done before they start conducting interviews for new employees. This manager is not the person who makes the schedules. I am also working 6 days straight this week as I had to have a day off for an appointment with a specialist that was 4 cities away (luckily it was easy to get to on public transit as I do not drive). My husband is a stay at home dad and got mad at me for agreeing to go in early as it ""takes away time to spend with the family"". I am the breadwinner but I don't make a lot of money and rent is high, so in my view not only are more hours better so we have more money but it will also work out better to have more averaged hours before I start maternity leave. Am I the asshole for going to work when they need me? He feels they should call someone else, but there's not really anyone else to call, plus by going in they will be finding more people to work so I won't have to go in early again later when I am further along in my pregnancy."
878,"AITA for interrupting my parents? My mom and dad talk constantly when they are home. The both get off around 5 and talk non stop til 10 or 11 at night. They have a very healthy relationship so it's never arguing, it's typically work related, my mom sharing opinions on situations dealing with her job and my dad sharing his opinions on theses situations. I typically don't have questions, but when I do, I stand or hangout around them until they are done talking. Realistically I could be there up to 10 minutes before they decide to answer a simple question like whether or not I'm okay to shower (my parents take showers first, it's just how we do things.) recently I've been walking in their room, waiting until there is a slight break (transition in person who talks) in the conversation and interject ""hey can I shower?"". Now I know my parents well enough to tell when there is a serious conversation, and I'd say I am very accurate at determining that. I'd never interject while they are both serious about a topic. It's usually a ""oh let me tell you what Justin said"" conversation. I just wonder if I'm the asshole for interjecting in conversations. Do you guys have this issue too? I mean it's like if I don't interject I could be waiting a while, and then I feel like more of an ass for making them say ""what? why are you just standing there?"". Edit: they have never acknowledged my rudeness, they just answer and continue. But I still feel rude for doing it."
879,"Aita for not wanting to pay for my 21 yo son's phone My husband and I paid for my son's expensive smartphone a year ago. He is a college student who just finished his junior year. This summer instead of working at a local store - where he's worked every summer and break during college, he went to another state and worked for a couple of months. He came home with a month left before he goes back to college and while he can work at the store for a month doesn't want to. On his way home from out of state he dropped his phone in water and it appears to be unfixable. I think he should pay for his own phone if he wants to replace it. He thinks we should pay since he needs it and is still in college. I think he should use the money he earned, or even better , go make some more. He CAN work at the store even if it's for a month. AITA for not wanting to spend a cent on a new phone for him? Edit: thank you for the feedback and confirming my view!! It's on him. I think that by the time he leaves to school, he'll buy one himself because he totally relies on it for his social life."
880,"AITA for wanting to know how my bf responded to a situation involving me that I told him to stay out of? Okay, so this is kinda convoluted so bear with me. My best friend (Kelly) confided in me that our other friend (Anne) was in an abusive relationship. One day, the three of us got talking and Anne mentioned she had plans to run away with said abusive boyfriend. I expressed my concerns about this, stating that I care about her and this wasn't a good position for her to put herself in. Both Anne and Kelly got mad at me but Kelly was even more mad because she was the one who told me about Anne's situation, not Anne herself. Kelly ended up telling my boyfriend, Trent, about the situation and he asked me about it. I told him that I would deal with it and I was wanting to talk to Anne alone and explain where I was coming from. I asked him to let me handle it, because it's not his place. Trent ended up texting Anne anyway, which resulted in Anne being even more pissed at me. I told him I wanted to see the conversation, because I feel I should know what he said about me, and what upset Anne even more than what I had done. Trent basically said that it wasn't my business, even though I think it sort of is. I told him again that I would like to know what he'd said and he responded with, ""Is there anything else you'd like to know, perhaps my bank information or my social security number?"" I told him to fuck himself because that was super hostile and (in my, possibly wrong, opinion) uncalled for. \\ My questions for reddit are basically 1. Am I an asshole for expressing concern for a friend based on information I technically wasn't supposed to know? 2. Am I an asshole for wanting to know exactly what he said to upset her further, especially since it involves his personal interpretation of my words and intentions? 3. Am I an asshole for reacting to what I thought was blatant rudenes with more rudeness? Thanks reddit! Edit: a word"
881,"AITA for planning to go out and not giving a specific time period? Yesterday I said to my Mom that I would go out on Sunday with a friend of mine, I said I am not too sure on the time because that is a subject that can change, but I still told her that I don't know when I'll go out. Today at 4:25 PM I get a text from my aunt : "" at 5 PM I'll pick you up, we're going to eat out sushi!"" I told her that I said I have plans and not sure if I would go out, she said my mom said it was okay for me to go out. Mom comes home and I tell her what the hell is going on cause I said I'm most likely not available today. She starts calling me a cunt for being rude because I didn't say a specific time, and it's ""more than likely my friend will bail on me either way"", eventually I went out to eat Sushi and NOT miss out hanging out with my bud, but who was at fault here?"
882,"AITA for not eating dinner? My mother is like most mothers, she tries to force feed us at every opportunity then guilts us about how we're not grateful enough for all she does for us. Standard fare. We're visiting with my sister right now as Sister wants to spend time with my daughter. Tonight Mother came in from sofa shopping with Sister and was ravenous. Mother likes to eat lots of small meals throughout the day and hadn't eaten in probably 4 hours at this point. Mother cooks while I take care of Daughter. Sister helps Mother cook at the beginning but ends up just hanging out in her room. Mother takes her meal into the lounge to watch TV while she eats and tells me to leave Daughter with her while I get mine. I don't see the point in bothering her with Daughter so take Daughter with me into kitchen to get my food. Sister is already in kitchen and serving herself. I wait until she's done then grab a plate and start serving myself, all with Daughter on my hip. Sister asks why Daughter isn't in lounge, I tell her I didn't see the point in hassling Mother. Sister tells me not to serve myself because the pans are hot and I'm going to burn Daughter. She is very snarky about it. I wasn't hungry to begin with and didn't ask for this meal but was going to eat it to keep Mother happy, as I usually would. I don't see any reason to put up with Sister's shittiness and sit eating a meal I don't want while I am now sobbing. I take Daughter and myself into the spare room where we are sleeping and play with her some more. Mother is very unhappy that I'm not eating the meal but I really am sick of engaging in negative behaviour all the fucking time and while I'm used to and willing to put up with my mother I don't think I should have to pander to my sister as well. After Mother finishes her meal she follows me round and physically removes my daughter from me trying to make me eat while in trying to get my daughter ready for bed. This only upsets me further and I eventually stop responding to mother when she talks about the meal and just try to get my daughter back without updating her. AITA for not eating the dinner? ETA: I am in my early 20s and currently live with mother. Sister is late 20s. Mother is in her 50s. Daughter is less than 1."
883,AITA for not wanting to get my license and drive myself to school? I have a fear of driving. So I am now a senior in high school and my dad no longer wants to drive me 30 minutes everyday to the private school he's making me go to. He tells me I need to get my license and accept responsibility for myself now because I am an adult. He says I should be driving just like everyone else my age is and he shouldn't be driving a 17 year old around anymore... I told him I don't like driving as it makes me very anxious and nervous and tense (probably because of the bad car accidents i was in when i was a kid) and it also makes me very on edge for the rest of the day. I've practiced driving a bunch but i really hate doing it. I'd much rather just take a bus or walk but sadly there's no way to do that in this case scenario. I'm not sure what else to say so if there's any other info needed feel free to ask and i'll answer your questions.
884,"AITA in this comment thread? >https://www.reddit.com/r/WatchItForThePlot/comments/4z0blo/mila_kunis_cheerleader_plot_on_that_70s_show/d6s4xyx Guy pulls the whole ""it's not pedophilia, it's hebephilia"" bullshit on a post of Mila Kunis when she was underage. I point out that it's still pedophilia and get downvoted to hell. Guy gets super hostile and gets upvoted. Not sure what I'm missing here."
885,"AITA in this thread where a mod ended up banning me? [Here's the thread.] I submitted a post to /r/Newtubers posting a video I made on my Youtube channel. Up until last week, self plug posts were acceptable, but they recently changed that in the last week unbeknownst to me. For the record, the rules on that sub have changed at least 3 times in the past month, sometimes I don't realize they've changed. Upon asking the mod that removed the post why it was removed, he told me to go read the rules. I did re-read them but didn't see a rule indicating why my post wasn't allowed and still wanted clarification as to why it was removed so I don't make the same mistake in the future... And it escalated from there, for no good reason imo. After my lengthy final reply, he subsequently [game me a temporary ban/time out] to which he's escalated it to a [lengthier ban] still insisting that i'm being rude and out of line. Maybe i'm not seeing it, but i'm having a hard time understanding why i'm being unreasonable/the asshole? I asked him what rule I broke when posting and he wouldn't tell me, instead he told me that's my job to find out... When I tried to find out but couldn't see I asked for further clarification and he jumped and told me he's not my servant. I think he's the asshole, but maybe it's me? I'm not sure. I did make a jab telling him he's giving me attitude, but it looks like he took that jab and impaled me in return. I thought mods jobs were to be of help and answer your questions, but I didn't get that at all from him. And he tells me i'm overly sensitive, but bans me and tells me i'm being 'quite rude' to him when the whole time i've just been wanting clarification. Reddit, who's the asshole?? Edit: [I've now been banned for 72 hours. Still no clarification given. Is this warranted?]"
886,"AITA for assuming my friend was talking behind my back I was having a conversation with my friend last night, and they kept on replying with ""ok"" to my messages. I was thinking it was a little odd at first, but then their last message to me was sent in what I perceived as an angry tone. After their last message, I immediately see a notification from another app which has a group chat with the said friend. They basically said: ""Have you been uninterested in someone's conversation that you keep replying with 'ok'?"". Upon seeing I assume it was me the friend was talking about, as they had posted there straight after they sent their last message to me. But then my rational mind says 'What if?' it was someone else. But then I was thinking it was unlikely, so I decided to leave it for the time being. Then I get another message from that friend in what sounds like an angry tone, and I'm thinking they must be in a bad mood or something. I was conflicted on whether to talk to the person about it, but the last message from them kinda set me off. So I send screenshots of the other group chat to my friend, and then basically assume (maybe I shouldn't have?) that they are talking about me. And my friend denies it, and tells me to ""fuck off"", and starts calling me an asshole (literally). reddit, am I being the asshole here for assuming/thinking my friend was talking about me behind my back? EDIT: I should probably mention this is my closest friend I'm talking about."
887,"AITA for not going to this work event? I received an e-invite to a get together with coworkers in a few weeks. It sounds fun, I reply that I'll be attending. Yesterday, the host of the get together informs me that another coworker cannot make it on the specified date and asks if I'll be able to attend a new event, which is now on Friday. This other coworker apparently threw something of a fit because she will be out of town during the time of the originally proposed get together. Upon hearing this information, I say that i need to check my calendar because I'm not sure I can make it. My coworker is constantly pulling shit like this and it made me angry to hear she'd forced the host of the event completely rescheduled due to her own conflict. Today, another coworker asks if I'm going. The event is tomorrow. I say no, that I have other plans, to which I'm called ""anti-social"" by several of them. I shrug and let the comment be. So, am I the asshole for telling a white lie and not attending the event tomorrow?"
888,"AITA if I tell a white lie to get out of work? I work at a charity shop, so it's unpaid volunteer work, every weekend and some weekdays (when they need me). I've already told them I can't work next Saturday because I'm moving and need to go sort shit out on that day and they said it was fine. Now I've hardly been able to see my boyfriend over the summer for various reasons and this Sunday we're both free and I have the house to myself, only problem being, I'm scheduled to work that day. I know that they'll be fine without me and there are other volunteers, but I definitely don't feel comfortable telling them that's why I don't want to work that day. AITA if I lie about why I can't go in? Or rather, how much of an asshole am I?"
889,"AITA for going back on my word and demanding a friend pays me back what he owes? Last summer a friend of mine, lets call him Peter, was in a jam money-wise. I offered to borrow him money to which he agreed, but not before telling me that he didn't know how long it would take for him to pay me back. I said that was okay and proceeded to lend him the money. Fast forward about 4 months, I'm in a conversation with Peter and our mutual friends when he tells us about this new PC he's bought. It registers with me, but I think nothing more of it. A little while later, he acquires a car, which he says his father gave him. Hmm, okay... I confront him and ask him why he isn't paying me back instead of buying things for himself. He tells me the PC was bought on an installment payment, so he didn't actually front all the money. We talk back and forth and I end up thinking that he's really not that well off and decide to do what I now regret. I tell Peter to forget about the money he owes me. That I don't want money to get in the way of our friendship. Couple months later I find out he's also bought a phone (Also an installment payment) and he's gotten rid of the previous car in favor of another one. At this point I feel violated. Instead of paying me back a little every month he has three installment payments (PC, phone, the 2nd car), a membership to a gym and can still afford gas for his car. I've talked with him and while he says he'll get the money our friendship is definitely ruined now. His argument is that I told him to forget about the money, mine that he was never honest with me about his financial situation. AITA? Non-native speaker, excuse any confusion please. EDIT: Please see my response to /u/BrainDojo's comment for further details."
890,"AITA for not tipping the waitress because of one mistake? Well, I tipped her, just less than normal. I went to a restaurant today and I knew I wanted a malt after my meal. When I was ordering my food, I asked the waitress if I could order it now but have it at the end, she said ""Yeah, I'll have them make it and put it in the freezer"" I told her I didn't want that, I wanted it made at the end and before I could say I'd wait to order it she said she could do it that way too. A few times during my meal she asked did I want the malt yet and I reiterated that I would let her know when I was ready. After the meal I was signing the CC receipt I told her I was ready for the malt whenever she was (lazy day today, in no hurry) and I saw her turn to the freezer and pull out the malt..... So I asked her how long the malt was in there and if I wasn't clear about not wanting the malt until I asked for it and she said she had the guy make it ""like three minutes ago"" and was pretty visibly annoyed when she said she can make it again if I want. Obviously, which I said 3+ times, I wanted it when I asked for it, so I said okay and she re-made it, and I only tipped her 10%. Am I the asshole for that? Edit: words/sentence structure"
891,"AITA for demanding my TV time during the weekends? So as of now, I rarely watch TV. I usually deal with my laptop. I only watch WWE now, even if the episodes are quite delayed. All the episodes are during the weekends. So the schedule for the shows are like this. Raw - Fridays 9:50pm - 12:00am+ AND Sundays 6:50pm - 10:15pm Saturday - not an issue because it's very late. Sunday 8:00am - 11:00am (Vintage, NXT and Smackdown) Now my little sister wants to watch TV at the same time that I also watch. Given that we already talked about this that already and I sacrificed my Fridays since there's a replay on Sunday. During Sunday Morning, my sister keeps complaining and she does nothing anyways. However, this sunday, we're having dinner when my sister changed the channel while I was watching a new episode of Raw. Since I didn't get to watch it on Friday, I had to watch the replay. I don't downloading since it takes about 5 hours to download a single episode and I'm only going to watch it once and immediately delete it. I tried to change the channel back but my dad prevented me from doing and calling me selfish and an addict. It is very disappointing considering I don't even complain about TV the whole day nor the weekdays. Calling me an addict considering I only watch this during the weekends and during the weekdays, I just stay with my laptop, not even related to WWE."
892,"AITA for being beyond pissed at my girlfriend rn So I'm currently in a long distance relationship with my girlfriend who I've known for 5 years now. We are aged 19(me) and 18(her). I love her dearly and I believe she loves me as well. We play a lot of xbox together, but we never really do anything else. So recently she has been spending more and more time with this guy we both have know now for little over a year now. Usually I don't really care who she talks too but lately I've noticed how much they talk, and how close they are getting... Like really uncomfortably close.... Examples are sometimes I'll ask to Skype with her, but she'll refuse, but turn around and Skype this guy for hours. Other times she'll talk about things and make jokes she wouldn't usually make around me when she's with him. Now mind you I wouldn't have these suspicions if she first hadn't already have cheated on me a while back. She also broke up with me for another guy, just to be broken up with a month later. Recently she had this girl send her a picture if her tits behind my back, claiming that they were just friends, and that that was something girls do. So idk am I rely just bring a jealous clingy boyfriend as she claims, or are my concerns legitimate?"
893,"AITA for eating more than 50% of the food me & my SO make? I'm a 100kg man and she's 50kg woman, I think I should get more food than her at dinner but she thinks that's unfair. I argue that because I'm a man I need more calories, but she just thinks fair is 50/50."
894,"AITA for telling my sister the deathstroke news Okay so this morning I woke up and checked facebook and saw that Deathstroke was going to be the main villain on Batflecks solo movie. Now I was actually really excited about the news and I wanted to share it so I went into the living room where my sister (she is with us for the summer but she leaves back to college in a few days) I told her without actually thinking and she got ad at me. Like ""UGH I didnt want to know that you always ruin movies for me"" Now I am a massive film buff especially with comic movies Batman is like my all time favorite fictional character. She just yelled at me tho but I though ""well your gonna find out eventually"" Im pretty sure she follows the same batman facebook page as me. Ever since she became an adult tho she has been mean I think living in such a big city by herself has made her hardened its annoying when I tell her a story and she gets cocky about it. I really dislike her attitude. But the question stands AITA??"
895,"AITA for being mad at my grandmother (who is completely in her right mind) My grandmother went to the store and bought me clothes without saying a word to me about it and then tells me i owe her money for the full price if the clothing i didn't tell her to buy. She knows im having money trouble being the father of two with a wife who has no job. I told her i don't have the money and she should ask me before spending my money for me. She said ""this is the thanks i get for doing something nice"" and refuses to talk to me"
896,"AITA For speaking up about a food hoarder, over food I brought to a work party? Today at work we had a pot luck party for some employees retiring or transferring out of country. I brought 12 (2 boxes with 6 each) ice cream sandwiches and one lady (an older not well liked either) takes three of them 'for later' she says right off the bat, before more than half the other employees come to the break/eating area."
897,"AITA for acting like this towards my ex-girlfriend? Okay, I've never done this before, let alone ever considered doing this. But I need a way to get this out of my system and get some kind of confirmation about the whole situation. I'm going to write my thoughts as they come, so apologies if it's a bit mall-structured (or poorly written as I'm not natively English). The whole story of me and my ex-girlfriend started about 1.8 years ago. We met each other, fell in love quite quickly and from there on we formed a couple. The beginning was awesome, like in most relationships I guess. Everybody has some quirks about them, I mean... It's not like I'm the perfect one. But I'm easy going and when problems arrive, I communicate and try to find the best way to solve them. Early on, about 2 months into the relationship, I got some more information about her ex-boyfriend. Basically, their relationship lasted a while (3 years if I recall correctly). But it left her totally broken in a mental way which even required help from a psychologist. Fast forward to the 1 year mark, we're both very happy together. I'm totally committed to her, I just basically love her. But the sex gets problematic, she told me she isn't feeling to well with it all. That it hurts... But not as an excuse, it was genuine. She could always talk freely with me, even if it hurt in the process. This was true for the both of us. Fast forward to 1.6 years together. At this point we haven't had sex in months, she doesn't feel right about it. So of course I tried to support her and tell her we can get some help from outside, because it's getting problematic at this point. The gynecologist told here everything was fine but redirected her to a sexologist. At this point in time, she asked me if I'm willing to support her through this process, there wasn't a single hair on my head that thought otherwise. She never went to the sexologist, instead the week after the appointment with the gynecologist. She came over, told me she kind of lost her feelings for me as her boyfriend. So we both decided at that point that it's better to stop the relationship. We both agreed that keeping each others as friends was the best way to go. The first phew weeks were of course hard, but we went on with our lives. And then she suddenly went totally cold on me. I asked her what the problem was, she told me she was concentrating on her exams and getting her life and friendships back on track. And after that I never got any response. Fast forward to today. I received a message this morning from her saying that she's deeply sorry for her actions, and that she shouldn't have reacted the way she had. She also told me that she talked with her ex-boyfriend, the one before me. And that he changed and she's giving"
898,"AITA for not offering to pay for pizza? My new housemate had ordered pizza around 9pm at night and was told by the pizza guy that the card that was used was declined. I was overhearing the whole conversation in another room, trying to ignore it as I was watching TV. The pizza guy even tried calling the manager to rerun the card and it got declined as well. He said he had to take the pizza back. Now I don't know this dude too well, and we only see each other when passing by once every other day or so saying an occasional ""what's up?"". But I kinda felt bad that he couldn't get his pizza . Am I an asshole?"
899,"AITA For not working Saturday I put in my 2 week notice at a restaurant I dishwashed at this Friday. So after 1 and 1/2 weeks of empty promises of promotions and an actual promise of a raise I decided to leave still. It was well established that my last day would be this last Friday, but last Sunday my boss told me I had to work Saturday because that's the rest of the pay week. But I told him I had other obligations, (I saw friends I haven't seen all summer). I belive he was milking me for days because he couldn't find a replacement. Yesterday on Friday we were clocked out and he said ""4 o'clock tomorrow"" and I said I told you today was my last day. He continued with ""no it's not, you are working tomorrow"". I again said no I'm not I have shit to do. He said ""I have a replacement next week not this week"". Side note the ""replacement"" is just a prep cook that took the weekend off. I said that is not my problem I gave you two weeks to find a replacement that's why I put in a notice. He got so angry he told me ""If you do not come in tomorrow I will fucking destroy you"" I said whatever and turned around to leave. He then asked if I was coming in at 4 again, and I yet again said no. This made him livid so he followed me out and stood in the door and screamed at me until I was 2 blocks down the rode walking. He called me a weak faggot, screamed ""THIS IS THE REAL ME"" and told me ""he would destroy me"" yet again, among other things. AITA for not just coming in Saturday or am I justified because I worked my 2 weeks, and I shouldn't have to work for him because he is definitely an asshole. P.S. I'm 16 and he's like 30"
900,"AITA for being annoyed with my Calculus professor for not being able to speak english all that well? Not to long of a story. My Calculus professor is Russian or something close to Russian and it's obvious English isn't his first language. He is just so hard to understand sometimes and it's quite annoying. I just don't understand why he would be hired if you have to ask him to repeat half of the things he says. I know it might sound harsh, but he's supposed to be the one showing me how to math and his thick accent gets in the way. Am I the Asshole for being annoyed that he's my teacher?"
901,"AITA for ending a mutually beneficial relationship when pressured for something else? SO, I had this platonic relationship with Martin (divorced over 30) who had some skills I needed to exchange for my skills in another area. This arrangement was mutually beneficial. Everything was fine and then he asked me to store a vehicle for some guy I didn't know, thereby putting me in an awkward position. He proceeded to insult me and call me judgmental when I felt I was being self-preserving by saying 'no'. I am an unmarried woman, well over 30 and storing the vehicle would give access and awareness of me and my property to two men who, by this man's own statements, were 'former thieves' and his 'great' friends. Despite his claim that he would 'protect me', I was not comfy with the whole arrangement. I felt like he was saying... 'Hey, let me hold your head under water, but I promise to let you up when you need a breath.' My gut got creepy creepy creepy as he blew up at me in text messages and he called me very mean names and pushed some my hot buttons of which he was aware. I finally got fed up and when asked if the relationship was 'done' I said yes and immediately blocked him. Seriously... Am I the Asshole here? What else do you need to know?"
902,"AITA for being mad at my girlfriend for ditching me? So earlier today, I texted my girlfriend to see if she wanted to grab lunch which she did. We agreed on a meeting place and a time. 10 minutes before were supposed to meet I texted her to let her know I was on my way. 5 minutes later as I'm walking down the street she texts me ands asks me if I wanted to get Chinese food. I declined saying that I already had Chinese food for lunch and the place where we were meeting (A food court at our college) had Chinese food. Then as I get to the meeting place she texts me and tells me that she's going to get dinner with her sister. This really pissed me off because she just flat out ditched me and she's trying to tell me that I don't have a right to be mad because it's her sister. So am I the asshole in the situation for being mad that she ditched me for her sister?"
903,"AITA for having an upset stomach in my dorm? I am a college student. I share a room with one other person. We have our own bathroom. We don't hate each other, but we're not besties. Last night I was up late with some audible diarrhea. Today I still feel unwell, and I'll probably end up in there while she's in the room. The bathroom window is open, and I make sure to flush twice so our low-pressure toilet can clear the bowl. Should I go down a flight of stairs and use the bathroom in the hallway? Or is it OK for me to relieve myself in our little bathroom?"
904,"AITA for cancelling plans with a friend? Me and my female friend (I'm a guy) had plans for a day trip at the beach. It was going to be a full day trip, and possibly 2 days since transportation takes nearly 4 hours each way from where we each live. About a week before our trip, she texts me and says ""I forgot I told my friend I would go to his party, so I can't go to the beach, but we can still hang out for awhile before his party"". I was bummed, but I get it. Shit happens. So I told her that would be fine. A few days before when we were supposed to meet she tells me that I should meet her downtown near where her friend's party is. This is a 2 hour trip for me, back and fort, so I suggested that we meet somewhere closer, since I am kind of 2nd hand plans anyways. I pick a nice spot which is on the way to her party, and much closer for me, to which she responds ""There's nothing to do in that city...."" I ask why there needs to be anything fun to do, if we are just meeting for lunch or dinner before she goes to her party. She responds ""This is stressful"" At this point I'm pretty tired of trying to bend over backwards to accommodate to her and her other plans, so I agree with her. I say ""I agree, it's stressful. Maybe it would be better and easier for you to fully devote yourself to your original plans"" To which she agrees. She then sends me a long apology message saying it was her fault etc. I told her she's a good friend and that it was just a mistake that she forgot about her original plans and that she should just try to dedicate her time to one thing. Fast forward a week later. She refuses to talk to me now... I understand that no one likes to have plans cancelled on them, but am I the asshole for suggesting that she should not meet with me?"
905,"AITA for venting in a kind of nasty way about classmates? So I was hanging out with my friend and I started venting about the classmates in my Chinese class. Last semester my classmates were super fun and we had a great time together. I was expecting more of the same this semester. Unfortunately, this semester most of them are really quiet and unfriendly. I made a lot of overtures in the first few weeks to try and get to know them and invite them to things, and they just ignored me. Anyway so I was venting about these people to my friend. I was exaggerating a little for (I thought) comic effect, calling them useless and ""a waste of space"" and saying I hated them. Now, I don't really mean any of this, but I do find them pretty annoying people. Anyway I was pretty shocked at my friend's reaction. She said, ""wow, you're really an asshole. Your poor classmates are getting ripped to shreds here just for being quiet and shy"". And it occurred to me, maybe I am an asshole. I always thought, it was OK to vent about people who annoy you, as long as you don't treat them badly. But maybe even doing this is a poisonous kind of thing to do. I am kind of easily irritated by people, which I guess is not a good characteristic. Am I not accepting enough of people?"
906,"AITA for asking why my roommate insists on gender-neutral pronouns? I'm not a big fan of my new roommate. He talks a lot, and often just says things to try to impress people, one-up others, drop incorrect knowledge, or in some way just try to show he is better. He always seems to pause for a reaction, as if waiting for applause or gasps of awe. I try not to get involved in many conversations with him. Until last night when he began discussing his ex, and he called her a ""she"", as he always did. He talked about her often, and never did he mention that she was transgender or anything similar. It was different this time, because we had several friends over. Now he has an audience. A time to shine. ""Oops, I mean 'they'!"", he quickly corrected himself. ""She prefers to be called 'they'!"" I asked if she was transgender. He said ""no"". She just prefers gender neutral pronouns. Okay. I was curious why. Is she/they trying to support the lgbt community? ""I don't know."" Do you support the lgbt community? ""I don't know."" (We had previously discussed this, and he's very religious and does not support the lgbt community. This upset me, and I'm already looking for ways to get him off the lease.) His explanation was that she is his best friend, and that's just what she wants. Okay. Fine. I'll drop it. And I did. I only asked those questions above and nothing else. A half hour later, he approaches me and says ""next time, you really should speak to me in private and not in front of everyone about that issue."" He was very confrontational about it. And he did it in front of everyone in some bizarre attempt to...embarrass me? I guess? I didn't know what he was talking about. ""The pronouns issue."" I told him point blank ""no, I won't."" He brought it up, he had to know people would ask about it. In fact, knowing him as I do, it was his plan from the get-go. He instigates shit like this all the time. I asked him again about his support on lgbt issues. He kept repeating ""I don't know"", and didn't seem to have a strong opinion about it either way. He said he didn't ask his ex questions as to why she preferred gender neutral pronouns. I told him he is doing a disservice to his friend by not having any reason to be confronting me about it, in front of my friends. He left the house in a huff. After he left, everyone just sort of stood there in shock. They all agreed that he brought it up, and continued to bring it up. One of my friends who was there is a lesbian, and she was annoyed by him. Two of the women there said there was an explanation for this: Being very religious and being confused about his own sexuality. His ex is most likely also, if not truly transgender. This fueled it or started it. Because"
907,"AITA for my voice at an old lady in a wheel chair? So our street is very busy with lots of crazy drivers and it's only 1 lane each direction around this giant curve. A few days ago, while driving around the curve, all of the sudden we see an old lady in one of those electronic wheelchair things but she's IN THE ONCOMING LANE. AROUND A CURVE. ON A NARROW ROAD. We had to swerve immediately onto oncoming traffic and saw 2 other cars behind us do the same around her. Now a few days later, I see her again on the same curve, in the road. Thankfully for us, this time we were coming the other way, but it seems this is something she does DAILY. Once we pulled in the driveway I went up around the street looking for her on foot and once I saw her she was on the other side of the road which means she crossed somehow (no way it could've been done safely) but I approach her and ask ""why are you on the wrong side of the road?"" ""You realize we almost killed you yesterday?"" ""Why can't you be on the sidewalk or at least on the right side of the road???"" I kept yelling questions because she didn't seem that interested in talking and kept rolling by and I was like ""You're really just gonna keep rolling away?"" ""You can't explain anything?"" And then she said people walk their dogs on the sidewalk and she has to go around the dogshit. And I just ended up saying I don't want to be responsible for killing you! Why would you want to do that to people? The entire time I spoke to her she kept stopping and going, like it was obvious she knew she was in the wrong but then would roll away randomly over and over and just try to ignore me. So I finally said I saw you do that yesterday so I know it happens a lot. And she didn't deny it. And funny thing is I meant to say the day before yesterday so this is actually something she does EVERYDAY. Basically I ended it with saying I called the cops on her yesterday and if she does it again I'll call the police and then she just rolled off like she's trying to get outa there before the po po shows up. I feel bad because I did raise my voice but I actually stayed pretty calm compared to how I'd usually treat the situation cuz she was so old. It was mainly the fact that someone getting into their car across the street sat their with their window down listening so I felt like they thought I was an asshole. But what can you do?"
908,"AITA for going off on a buddy who ditched me at a concert? So last Friday, there was a local outdoor concert. And my buddy and I went together. Anyways, he ended up running into 2 girls there, and to me he said ""Hey. We're going upfront."" And left me behind. I said ""Okay, cool."" As I thought he was just going to go upfront to dance with the ladies and then he'd meet me later. I called him around 10PM, around the time that the concert was starting to end. I just wanted to know if he was leaving with me or leaving with the girls. He never returned my phone call. I was mad, and I got drunk at my own house. I texted him at 2AM ""Hey man. You fucking ditched me at [local festival]. Don't ever ask me for rides again. I waited for you until 11PM."" He never replied. Although I did hear that he lost is phone shortly after because of a post I saw on Facebook. I kinda feel like I might have been a cock-block, that I should have assumed he was going home with one (or both) of the girls, and to just let him get laid, and maybe try to find someone myself. But on my point of view, I don't like being in large crowds alone. I have to be with other people or else I feel so awkward. So whenever he just left me there, I kinda felt like he was just being an inconsiderate dick."
909,"AITA for wanting my girlfriend to make a decision while she's sick On throwaway because my GF knows my reddit account. Basically today I was going to go to sign a contract for a language school in my girlfriend's country (I'm currently living here to be with her). Since I don't know the language of this country yet and would prefer having her there to ease any possible misunderstandings with the language barrier (the people who do the contracts aren't teachers there), I asked if she wanted to come along. She said if I want her to, she'll come. So I said I wanted her to come along. A few minutes later she asked me if I knew how to get there by myself, to which I responded I have a GPS on my phone that I could use if I got lost. In response to the sudden question I also asked if she wanted me to go alone instead, she mentioned how she was feeling sick but that it was up to me. Because after I had to sign the contract we absolutely had to do something together anyway (go to the bank, and she needed to be there for that because they certifiably do not speak English), I told her I'd like her to come if she felt up to it, but that it was ultimately her decision to come along or not. She told me to decide, so I said I'd like her to come. Then she started getting angry with me, telling me that I don't care about her and have no concern for her because I wanted her to come with me when she was sick. I responded with ""I gave you the option to not go if you weren't feeling up to it, why would you tell me to make the decision if you were going to punish me for making it"". Repeat for about 40 minutes with slight changes and you have our argument for the day. I feel she's the asshole because she started a drama and got mad at me because I left the decision of going or not to her. She accused me of not caring about her, not respecting her, etc because she told me to make the decision, and I made it but gave her an option to not go if she wasn't feeling up to it. I'm guessing she feels I'm the asshole because I didn't, on my own, say ""I can go on my own, you get some rest"" - except that's what ""hey you don't need to go if you're not feeling up to it"" means. I mean it became obvious after like 5 mins of fighting she didn't feel like she could go, but I am not going to be asked to make a decision only to have the decision already made for me. If she had told me ""I don't feel up for it, I need some rest"" it would've been fine. But she expected me to make the choice for her not going -"
910,"AITA for trying to learn if my best friend's boyfriend is cheating on her? **Disclaimer:** I know this is stupidly long. It's been really eating away at me, so any feedback/advice would be appreciated. After just reading the title, I would definitely call myself an asshole. Let me provide some context, but preface this by saying I had nothing but good intentions. Me and D have been best friends for about eight years now, and for awhile, she's been one of the only girl friends that I have. She has a history of having very unstable, chaotic relationships, and she has a tendency to jump from one relationship to the next. She broke up with her emotionally manipulative boyfriend of two years in March, and has tried (unsuccessfully) to reenter two serious relationships since then, and then had some FWBs after being rejected by them. D is the type of girl that's very easily offended and will pick fights over stupid things (we're 25, and she stopped talking to me for a month because I didn't offer her a glass of water when she came over and she decided that this was indicative of my selfish character as a friend). Anyway, we both have had this triend, J, for years. He's your standard ""nice guy"" who always wanted more from both of us during different periods of time, but we both saw him as a big brother. If either me or D hung out with him alone, he would buy that person dinner, smoke that person out, fill up that person's gas tank, etc. When D entered her long term relationship, J stopped talking to her completely and started spending all of his time with me. When I got a boytriend, he stopped talking to me altogether. It hurt, to be honest, because I always made it very clear that I saw him as exclusively a friend, but I respected his wishes. When D broke up with her asshat boyfriend, she and J started hanging out again, and she constantly referred to him as annoying. I moved across the country, and she promised to come visit me but had concern that J wanted to come and he was ""so annoying."" She never came to visit, shit happens. I guess now would be an appropriate time to mention that D had a slight opiate problem, and decided to get clean (words can't express how proud I am of her). J was with her throughout the entire process. She briefly told me about what went on about a week after the fact, and then sort of stopped talking to me altogether - she stopped answering my texts, didn't return my calls. I didn't think too much of it because I did move away, and I understand people can talk less frequently with distance. After a few weeks, I was starting to feel a bit hurt and missed my friend. Then, something popped up on Facebook that I never, ever expected happening: D and J are in a relationship. I immediately texted her and congratulated"
911,"AITA for not giving a woman a dollar? I was just walking around a clothing store with some friends when I went outside to take a phone call. There was a woman outside sitting on a bench who approached me after I ended my call. She told me she wanted to take the bus but she was one dollar short of the bus fare. She spoke to me in Cantonese at first, which I replied to saying I didn't understand. She repeated herself in Mandarin, which I understood. I was deliberating whether to give her the dollar or not when I was pulled away by one of my friends to join the rest of them who were standing a distance away. I explained the situation to them and they told me to just give a dollar to her, since the amount so small. I was worried that it was a scammer and that giving her the dollar would encourage her scamming, but it could have been real. I eventually decided to leave. Am I the asshole?"
912,AITA for driving and parking in an empty church parking lot? AITA for driving and parking in an empty church parking lot? Let me preface this by mentioning that elementary school pick ups and drop offs are a nightmare. To alleviate both my stress about driving in that mess and the mess itself by having one less car tangled up in it I have been using the empty parking lot of a church nearby to park and walk my daughter from there. This church has a one way driveway where you go in on the busy main street and exit on my residential street. If I were to go in the proper direction I would have to make an unprotected left hand turn onto the busy street and stop in middle lane to wait for traffic to clear so I can turn left into the parking lot (also slow traffic behind me because there is no turn lane). To make everyone's life easier I go in and out at the side street entrance. Let me reiterate that there is no one here during these times. If there were people going to the church I would not do this. Today there was a group of mothers and children on foot using church parking lot as a bypass like I was. All six in a horizontal line blocking the whole driveway. I pulled up behind them and waited for them to move to one side so I could pass. When they did one of the mom's wagged her finger at me and pointed out that I am going the wrong way. Am I out of line for using this parking area or is this lady being a dick for calling me out?
913,"AITA for not wanting to split expensive pool repairs equally? So heres the short version. I just moved into a house with a pool with 3 of my other friends. One of them agreed before we moved in to take care of the landscaping and pool duties for a flat fee that would be less than the professional service they offered us. We all payed him up front and were happy with the arrangement when we moved in. Fast forward a week and he hasn't done anything, despite me reminding him multiple times he needs to get the supplies to maintain the pool or its going to start turning green, which will be very expensive to repair. Over the next 3 weeks I remind him nearly every day that he needs to start gathering supplies and doing what we are paying him to do and he gives me the same, ""my dad is getting them"", excuse every time. On the 4th week of him not even getting a pool skimmer or doing any pool-work theres a storm and a decent amount of grass ends up in the pool. Having grown up taking care of my own pool I knew we needed to act fast or it would start turning soon. At this point he starts saying it might be too much work and he doesn't want to do it anymore (implying he's actually done anything). Despite my protest my roommates convince me to let him pay us back and we'll split the duties equally. I immediately drive to the store and buy a skimmer and spend probably 4 hours over the next two days trying to fish out all the pool debris, 2 hours of which were spent swimming around in the disgusting nearly green water trying to get every last bit. Originally responsible roommate spent maybe 30 minutes doing anything, other 2 didnt touch it. On the morning of the third day I wake up to find the pool completely green, you cant even see 4 feet. I got quotes from pool professionals and its probably going to cost $200 to fix. The other 3 think its fair to split the $200 4-ways and I am refusing because I dont think i'm 1/4th responsible. Im demanding that the lazy roommate pays at least half, preferably all of it and am getting heavy resistance. Am I going crazy here? Should we really be splitting it and equally? Thanks for reading if you've gotten this far. TLDR: Roommate gets paid to take care of pool, month later hasn't done shit, quits, pool turns green, wants us to split the cost to repair equally."
914,AITA Her profile said she was a programmer. Tried to make it a conversation point.
915,"AITA for not tipping when I pick up food. Whenever I go to pick up take-out, be it pizza or Chinese or fish&chips, they always ask for a tip. I always hit ""no tip"" with the logic of the guy making the food is getting paid a wage, and no one is delivering the food to me as I am picking the food up myself. Am I an Asshole for not tipping when I pick up food?"
916,"AITA for assuming I, as a cyclist, had the right of way? A while ago I was riding my bike in the street, when I came to a four-way intersection. On my right was a woman in a car, about to pass in front of me. We both had stop signs, so we both slowed down. Because I have read that cyclists always have right-of-way over cars, I proceeded to cross while the car was stopped. The driver then threw her hands up in a ""wtf"" gesture, like I was supposed to let her go through first. Is she correct? If I *am* the asshole, where's the flaw in my logic? I'm in New Jersey, if that matters. If I made a mistake, I want to know what it was and what I should do differently in the future, especially if my actions could jeopardize the safety of myself and others. Thank you!"
917,"AITA for ""ditching"" my friend So a few days ago, some friends and I are heading out to visit our friend Eric, who lives like 400 miles away from here. My plan was to leave later at night and my friend Mike wanted to ride with me because his car had been having issues. I said that was fine and that I was going to leave at 9pm. Mike says ok, and then finally departure day has arrived. So first a bit of background. Mike is almost always late to stuff. Not just a few minutes, but hours. He is literally several hours late to almost every single thing he's invited to. What makes it worse is that he often says he is on his way (he lives 10 minutes away from me) and he still doesn't arrive for another hour or two. He's also sleeps a lot and is a heavy sleeper. He has slept through 8 or 9 hour road trips. This has been going on now for several years. So, it's about 8:30 and I call him to ask if he is on his way. There's no answer. I call a couple more times and get the same result. It's now 9 and I'm standing outside my house waiting for him to arrive. I wanted to get out before 9:30 because they close parts of the freeway here and it causes major traffic jams. I also didn't want to leave to late because I didn't want to arrive super late or drive while I was starting to get sleepy. It's a few minutes after 9 and still no sign of Mike. No text or calls. I call a couple more times and still no answer. I have also sent him a couple texts at this point and he hasn't even replied to those either. This is when I start to think that he probably fell asleep and just doesn't hear his phone since he's such a heavy sleeper. 9:30 now and still nothing. I'm starting to get pissed at this point. I drove to his house which is only a couple blocks down and see his car outside. I know he's home. I ring the doorbell, bang on the door. nothing! No response or anything. I go to his backyard and I can hear his alarm going off even though his windows are closed. I start calling him again. I even shouted his name a couple times. Still nothing! I drove back to my house and it's now around 10. I get a call from one of our friends who's already up at Erics house and he starts asking where I'm at and how long it will be until I arrive. I explain the situation and everyone tells me to just leave because we all know how Mike is with time. I explain I didn't want to leave because I'd feel bad and I know he wants to see Eric. It's now been over an hour and I'm starting to get livid. I get in my car to leave"
918,"AITA for ruining my girlfriend's concert? To put it shortly a few weeks ago me and my girlfriend went to a concert together. Neither of us are the party/concert/club/etc types but she likes that stuff occasionally and she begged me to go with her to this concert. I went with her and pretended to enjoy it for the first part of it but then she went off to dance with a group of strangers. She asked first if I wanted to come with her to dance with them, I declined, then she immediately walked off to dance with them. I got a bit upset at this because I came to an event that I hated and felt extremely uncomfortable with because she begged me to and now she isn't even keeping me company. When she got back from dancing I was obviously annoyed and upset and wasn't able to pretend I liked the event anymore. She noticed this, asked what's wrong, I told her, she just dismissed it The next 1/3rd of the concert was pretty much me obviously annoyed and failing to fake enjoyment. Then another group of strangers started dancing, she asked if I wanted to. I said no, she asked if she could go off to dance with them. I told her she can but I'm going to leave the event because I'm not staying alone at an event I hate. She was understandably pissed at me after that. We had a fight and made up but I'm still not sure who was the asshole here. I know I overreacted, but I would never leave her side at an event when I know she's uncomfortable and hating the event. Especially not to dance with people I don't even know."
919,"AITA for not asking my stepmom to help me move? Sorry for the length; I've been known to make novels out of simple stories. Right before my 18th birthday, I moved in with my older sister to escape the toxic environment at my dad's. I lived with her for a little over two years before a nice, cheap apartment came up five minutes away, so I moved into it. The process from me calling about the apartment to when I moved in took about 2 weeks. I was half expecting things to fall through for whatever reason, so I didn't really tell anyone about it other than my sister and boyfriend. My two closest friends didn't even find out until a few days ago. I'm not very close to my dad and his crew (wife and 3 kids) at all. He remarried when I was about 5, and I lived with them when I was 15-17 out of necessity. I had severe depression at the time, and they stopped taking me to my psychiatrist since they ""didn't think it was important."" We also had huge fights a lot, mostly due to the fact that I was so depressed. Basically all I did when I lived there was sleep all day or read, and I spent every single weekend and vacation at my sister's. We're on good terms now, but I still harbor a lot of resentment toward them. They live about 25 minutes away, but I work three jobs and rarely feel like going anywhere once I get home on my nights off, and I never feel the need to text or call them. I did happen to mention the apartment over text to my stepmom, but my application hadn't been approved yet. I haven't talked to them since, since I've been super busy and never thought to. Yesterday, I finally moved in. I had the help of my sister, her husband, one of her friends, one of my friends, and his boyfriend. We started at about 5pm (I worked until 4) and the process, breaks included, took maybe 4 hours. My sister made a status this morning basically saying that I moved out, and my stepmom asked if I needed help moving. My sister said we already got it done. Stepmom replied with some crying emojis and said ""Kinda crushed,"" since I didn't update her on the situation, I guess. Sister replied and said that I just got my keys Saturday, I worked late, and we got everything done quickly. TL;DR: Moved into my first apartment. Was pretty lowkey about the process and didn't tell many people, including my dad and his family, who I am by no means close to. Stepmom is ""kinda crushed."" AITA?"
920,"AITA for not helping during a small accident? This happened a couple weeks ago at the airport. I had just gotten off my flight and was going to meet my friends who were picking me up. I rounded a corner onto an escalator. I pulled out my phone to text my friend so he knew where to find me. While I had my phone out, an older man further down fell down to the bottom of the escalator. Someone stopped the escalator about a minute after. IIRC, I was about 20 steps up from the bottom. There was one guy in front of me who left his bags on the stairs to go down and help. By this time, there were about 4 or 5 people around him helping - not sure if any of them were airport paramedics. I stood on my step for a good minute trying to decide if I should go down and do something. I ended up deciding that would become a ""too many cooks"" situation. So, I walked down, walked past the guy who left his bags and told him not to forget they're there (I operated here on the pretense that I shouldn't touch someone else's bags?) and to the baggage claim to meet friends. So... AITA for not helping the older man, or giving the other guy his bags?"
921,"AITA for requesting information from the company I did an internship with? Hey, r/AITA, So I'll attempt to keep this very long story as short as I can. I'm a senior at university graduating in the Spring semester of 2017 and have seriously started to curate my resume; putting together my experience, references, etc. I worked this past summer (from May until August) for a packaging and shipping company in my hometown and gained a lot of experience such as Intuit Quickbooks proficiency, making and receiving calls from customers, inserting orders into the system, checking into invoicing problems, gathering warehouse inventory to ship, etc. It was a small, family owned company who I've known for awhile and the owner said multiple times ""I'll put what you did here on your resume, I'll include your experience and any other info you need."" However, I emailed him today and, in short, asked him to write a couple sentences summarizing what I did there, the kind of numbers the company did each month in terms of sales and what kind of clients we dealt with and he responded with a nasty email containing the following: * How dare you ask for such proprietary information... * ""...nothing you did directly influenced our numbers or business"" * Your only experience was in warehouse capacity ... and so on. Part of me was taken back but I also felt very offended; I'm confident in the skills I learned there that I mentioned before and he makes it seem like I did nothing all summer during my internship and has basically threatened me that if I put any information about my time there or any information about the company that he'll ""take matters into his own hands"". Am I the asshole here? Am I wrong for wanting to include my work experience? I wasn't asking for the names of the biggest accounts or our sales regions, I simply wanted him to write up some at-a-glance statistics regarding the company I worked for. Thanks in advance. Not really sure how to go forward here. I'm more than happy to answer any questions."
922,AITA for not letting people use my glasses cleaning cloth? I think that sharing my cloth is gross.
923,"AITA for planning a halloween party on the same day as a friend's halloween party? Okay so here's the deal. A very good friend of mine happened to plan a Halloween party on a certain day that my wife and I planned to have our own. Now, we all have mutual friends, so we normally will take turns of who hosts the party that year. We do the same with Christmas and have been doing so for quite a while now. The problem is that, my friend and I talked about this beforehand and we had said that considering they hosted last year, we would host this year. We love throwing holiday parties, especially halloween. We get really into it so we have been looking forward to it. And that was that. Or so I thought. So fast forward to today when I get a Facebook invite from said friend to a halloween party...on the same date we had talked about hosting the party. After talking about it my wife and I decided we would still plan our party and invite other friends that were not invited to our friend's party. I'm a little upset because I would have liked to have some of those friends come to our party. Am I (or I guess are WE) the assholes? Are we making a big deal out of nothing? Or are we justified in this?"
924,"AITA For interrupting this girl in my class? I'm not even sure, why they're mad tbh. It was English class and our group had to discuss a book. The first girl in my group always complains. Walked into class, ""I hate English class"". She had a steel coffee cup, I ask her ""What's up with the cup?"" Her: ""What's up with your glasses?"" Me: ""...i need these. "" Me :""Lol where were you going with that?"" Her: *proceeds to mock me* Sometime later... We're discussing a book and I wasn't paying attention so I interrupt this other girl talking and ask her about something she said. She's visibly confused, so I continue talking to clarify, and she asks if I was even listening. Then the girl I first mentioned just said,"" you're an asshole"". And"" why's he so annoying? "" I was stunned. Now I'm wondering whether she's just a complainer or am the asshole. I get that interrupting is rude, but that was a complete accident and we were supposed to be discussing as a group anyway so it shocks me when I get criticized for doing just that... Edit: The complaining girl didn't seem to have a problem with my interruption, so much as she had a problem with me (falsely) disagreeing (I misheard that other girl)"
925,"AITA for forgetting to mention an incident until the next day? Labor day weekend is the weekend of a convention I attend every year. I get a hotel room with a few friends and basically hang out with tons of people I don't really get to see during the year. This year I started dating a girl in April and she was going to come down for a day but ended up not being able to for various reasons. On Saturday Night a girl who is a former employee wanted to hang out with me and since she is a pretty big football fan I invited her up to my room to watch the game while myself and several other people wound down after a day of doing stuff. Nothing crazy. I had talked to her a few times leading up to the event about not having seen her in a few years and how it would be great to hang out. Nothing that would lead her to believe I am into her or anything, just a few friendly messages detailing each others plans. So she shows up and it's very clear that she is somewhere between tipsy/drunk and very into me. Instead of just instantly embarrassing her in front of several other people I just drop a lot of very obvious hints that I am dating someone and it is a serious relationship. She gets the hint and backs off a lot and eventually leaves before the game is even over. So Monday afternoon I pack up all my stuff and head home. I end up talking to my girlfriend and get the first chance to actually sit down and have a real conversation with her in about 4-5 days. We had chit-chatted here and there throughout the weekend but no serious conversations since I was busy a lot. Well I start going through what I did all weekend and get to Saturday night and I remember that girl. I tell her about it and she seemed to laugh it off but I got the feeling she was kind of uncomfortable with the whole situation, which is completely fair. To me, it wasn't a big deal because I shut it down pretty quickly and she was only around for about 30 minutes at the most. Basically I am wondering should I have let her know sooner that I was in an awkward situation with a girl who was actively trying to hook up with me. I genuinely forgot about the incident and now I feel like I have inadvertently made myself look kind of shady."
926,"AITA for essentially telling this woman to fuck off and advising my grandparents to do the same? Okay, so once in a while something so bizarre happens that you have to question whether you are, in fact, the asshole. A few days ago I got a call out of the blue from a woman saying she was my grandparents neighbor. She said that in the spring of 2008, my grandfather was backing out of his driveway and hit her truck. She said that she is now trying to sell the truck and wants my grandparents to pay her $900 for repairs. She got my number from our other neighbor, who knows that I take care of the house, water the plants, etc while my grandparents are away. She says that she has been trying to contact my grandparents but has not been able to do so, which is why she called me. She apparently also got my father's number and has contacted him. I asked my grandparents, and my grandma ""vaguely"" remembers something happening but my grandfather doesn't remember. The woman told me she ""may"" have filed a police report and is trying to get the details. I am pretty much 100% sure that they are not legally on the hook for this, considering it happened more than 8 years ago and there is also not really even proof of it happening at all. I don't remember it, Granted, I was just a teen at the time so I honestly have no idea. I told the woman that there was nothing I could do for her and basically told my grandfather to ignore her because I feel like this is a ridiculous request. Am I the asshole for basically telling this woman to leave me and my family alone??"
927,"AITA for not liking my grandma that much? Sorry, this is my first post, and I'm on moble. Since I was about 9 my grandma would just nag and yell at me all the time. It started off normal enough I guess until I hit middle school. That's when everything started to hurt. At school I would always get bullied. It was often racist comments that I would pretend to embrace. ""Oh you dont act black. Oh we dont listen ti black music/movies etc"". On top of that I was constantly failing school so that was fun. Anyways this when on for years and years, I would often come home after a full day of feeling like crap only to be see her yell at me for not doing the dishes. My heart would sink everytime I heard that stupid green car pull up in the drive way. As of now its gotten to the point where I, a 20 year old female, cant look at her in the eyes. I do everything I can to hide from her. Have the go to the bathroom? Nope, grandma is cooking in the kitchen better wait more 4 hours and then be accused for not checking up on her. Mom going someplace cool? I would love to go but grandma is going so I rather stay home and sulk in my room. The worst part is she still spoils me so this whole thing feels so petty. But man I wish she could just go to my cousins place and stay there. They dont seemed to be annoyed by her. Really the times im happiest is when she's on vacation and I can do my chorces without being picked apart of what I'm doing wrong. When I was little she said she did all of this to prepare me for the adult world but now, I'm no where ready. I never told my mom this because I think with the 40 years she's been with her her opinion of my grandma is different. I feel like a huge jerk being scared of her. Am I an asshole?"
928,"AITA for telling coworkers I am not my father? Some back story: I've been at my job about a year now. It's at the company my dad worked for as a manager for 30 years and retired from this year. He was the gatekeeper for many of the software systems the company uses and unfortunately they did not execute a succession plan for when he left. Since I still work here and even when he still worked here people come to me ether looking for him, asking about his schedule, asking me to ask him things for them, etc... it's gotten quite old and it's a little insulting to me. I didn't get hired because of him and we aren't even in the same department. I have my own skills that got me hired. I'm sure it didn't hurt but nepotism was and is not a factor. This afternoon I get an email from this super annoying lady bitching about her new computer not having some software installed on it. The email was addressed to my father and I was copied on it wth her asking me to pass it along to my dad. I replied back that she should speak with management as I, unfortunately am not my father, I do not live with him, nor do I know his schedule because he is retired now. I was as polite as I could be but it is so frustrating and this was sort of the last straw. Am I the asshole for suggesting she talk to management instead? I'm not paid to be my dad's admin assistant and he isn't even on payroll anymore. I'd be happy to do it if they paid me his salary."
929,AITA for not wanting to take care of my kid sister all the time My sister is awesome and I love her but she was an accident from my mom trying desperately to be younger than she is she went out to a club had a thing with a guy my sister comes my mom and the guy date off and on for 2 years..I'm getting off topic sorry it's a lot but she recently wanted to get back into dating and she makes me constantly watch my sister her claim is that family helps family but I'm a senior in high school and I'm old enough to have my own shit to take care of she gets a new boyfriend he moves in immediately (that's another story) now she acts like she doesn't even have kids sometimes when ever my sister have a problem she immediately dumps it on me and gets back to attending her boyfriend I'm happy that she happy I guess but to force me and my sister to be around while she basically pretend ing to be on some super honey moon with this guy is getting kind of out of hand. Tl; Dr mom get new boyfriend and makes me take care of kid sisters Sorry for the giant run-on sentence but it's late and fuck punctuation
930,"AITA for not getting into my best friend's interests? Okay, where to start. So my best friend (let's call him Matt) and I (both 22), have known each other for about 18 years. We had a rough patch from when we were 18 to when we were 20 due to a big cheating/girl love triangle situation, and then he went off to work in an American summer camp program (followed by travel) for about 6 months after his 21st birthday. Needless to say, we both changed a lot and grew to like different things in the time since we were last thick as thieves so to speak. We still get on great, playing Halo and whatnot several times a week, and meet up every couple of months or so after we both moved away to different parts of the country. But the trouble here is that we can't really hold a conversation well unless it's about Halo or our personal lives. Like, I grew up with his family being almost like an extension of mine and vice versa, so we are pretty enthusiastic about what's going on with everyone else. But beyond those topics, we can't make headway. We used to like the same music, and now he's heavily into John Mayer and Hoobastank. Not bad music, but I've tried to get into it with no avail. Certainly not beyond considering it tolerable to listen to IMO. He's surprisingly enthusiastic when Mayer comes up in conversation and will energetically discuss his music and background, recommending numerous live performances and guitar solos of Mayer for me to check out (which I do, and while okay they still do nothing to get me invested in Mayer). But when I suggest a song or two from an artist I like, he will ignore me or procrastinate checking them out. He's attempting to get me to join him for the Mayer UK tour, which although I appreciate the invite to spend time with him... I dunno, it just seems like he forgot or doesn't care that I'm just not a big fan of Mayer and wouldn't want to spend that much time or money seeing him perform. I'll likely still go because me being there clearly means something to him, but it's frustrating that it seems one-sided (no chance I can get him to join me for a Ninja Sex Party concert if he won't even listen to a single song). He also got *heavily* into American Football. Like he went away to America uninterested in any sports, and came back a diehard Patriots fan. Brady is his hero, and he enthusiastically discussed how well Garappolo (?) was doing recently. Last Superbowl I happened to be round at his place, so he convinced me to join him in watching it at gone midnight. It wasn't the worst thing to watch in the world, but I couldn't make myself invested in it. Like I tried to appreciate the athleticism, the tactics used, the oddity of the sport (being that American Football is a rarity here in the"
931,"AITA for suggesting that my coworker not use his phone as a doorstop? As I was walking out the door at the end of my shift, I noticed something on the ground. It was a smartphone. I called up to my coworkers, who were also leaving, that someone had dropped their phone. One of them, let's call him Jake, said that he was using his phone to hold the door open. I asked ""Are you sure you don't wanna use something a bit less expensive? I can get a rock to hold the door open for you."" There were some rocks less than 5 feet from the door. Jake walked up to me, visibly irritated, and said ""I'll use my phone to hold the door open if I want to. Get out of my way."" Perhaps he thought I was questioning his judgement, but if I hadn't noticed his phone and kept walking, the door would have come back and slammed into his phone. Jake's phone did have a case around it, but why risk it? Then again, I probably could have made my suggestion a bit more tactfully. Am I the asshole?"
932,"AITA in this interaction I had with a classmate a while ago? This was actually a while ago, back when that guy in Florida was threatening to burn a bunch of copies of the Quran and it was a whole big thing. It's also worth pointing out that it was so long ago I might not get the exact words right, but I still know the intention behind them, and I'm wondering if the intention makes me an asshole too. Anyway, we were discussing the Quran burning threat in class, was he just exercising free speech, all that. There was one Muslim girl in the class with me. As we were leaving the class, I was walking with her and talking and I said something along the lines of, ""The whole thing must feel more personal for you because it's your holy book he's attacking."" She was immediately furious, called me racist, told everyone I was racist, and hated me the rest of the year. Again, maybe those aren't the words I used, maybe it came out totally wrong. I still feel bad I hurt her feelings. But I've always wondered if the actual thoughts behind what I said are racist. I figure a Catholic would find it more personal than me if someone burned the Bible, it wasn't about her particular religion when I said it. So two questions: Am I the asshole for what I said, and/or am I the asshole for what I was trying to say? Edit: Thanks so much for all the replies! The ideas about how she might have misunderstood me did make me feel better; even though I feel bad it upset her it's nice to know I wasn't being super ignorant."
933,"AITA for snoring? I've had a cold for about a week, with a sore throat and stuffy nose. I have two roommates that I was randomly assigned by my college; they're friends and wanted to room together, I was randomly added to their room and didn't know either of them before last week. I know that I snore, but have never really thought of it as an exceptionally bad thing. This morning around 7 am, my roommate woke me up and said I'm snoring and he can't sleep. He came over to my bed and gently shook me to wake me up. I turned over to a new position to hopefully stop the snoring and went back to sleep. A couple hours later, my other roommate woke me up by yelling across the room that ""you need to do something about that snoring because I can't sleep"". I said ok and just didn't go back to sleep. I don't know if I was snoring especially loudly last night, but I know when I'm sick I tend to snore more loudly and I don't think it's something I really can do anything about, since it's just when I'm sick that it's a real problem. AITA for not doing anything about my snoring?"
934,"AITA for quitting my job after the first day? (I work once a week) I'm in college and I wanted to get a work-study so I applied for two jobs. Let's call the jobs, Job A and Job B. I applied to both at the same time hoping to get Job B; however, the application process takes a few weeks. When I applied for Job A, it was basically first come first serve. I agreed to Job A so at least I had a job. Before I even started the job, my boss was very rude. He made comments that basically said he was better than you. During my first day, it was the worst experience of my life. Working in a hot room with no AC and forced to wear pants. Also, I worked 6 hours on a Saturday night. A few days after my first day on the job (I work once a week), I get a call saying I got Job B (The one I wanted). Not wanting to be a dick, I immediately gave my two weeks notice. When I told my current boss this, he responded with ""Figures."" I thought this was so rude, but I didn't react. Now every time I see him, he gives me this evil eye, almost saying your name asshole. So am I an asshole in this situation?"
935,AITA for lying about my age to get laid? Im a freshman in college and I had a one night stand with a senior. She asked what year I was and said I was a junior because not many senior girls would be comfortable having sex with a freshman. We were both pretty drunk so the next day she asked what year I was and I told her the truth and she never responded. Am I the asshole?
936,"AITA for sleeping with someone Im in year 12, and we have our formal coming up soon. My ex-girlfriend and I broke up like, 7 or 8 months ago. Since then, we have become okay friends. We agreed to go to the formal together, and this is important, I stressed to her as clearly as humanly possible, that we are JUST GOING AS FRIENDS. JUST FRIENDS. That is all. Nothing. Else. Flash forward about a month, and I slept with another girl. Casual, nothing coming to a relationship or anything. Ex-girlfriend/formal partner finds out, and she formal-dumps me and makes all my friends hate me. Even my mum has literally said to me word for word ""I am embarrassed to be your parent, and you are lucky I am even talking to you."" Apparently the problem lies in the fact that she thought we were going to be back together soon, and counted this as cheating. But I stressed to her that we are nothing more than friends? I tried to explain this to my mum but she was adamant that what I did was so terribly, terribly wrong, because the ex-girlfriend thought we were going to be together. Am I the Asshole? For another person not understanding what I had stressed to her as clearly as I could?"
937,"AITA for being judgemental about my family giving up a dog? **TL;DR: Am I being too harsh on my father by telling him it's unacceptable to dump his two dogs that he's had for 7 and 3 years in a shelter or rescue because he wants to go to Europe? He has a lot of reasons why he thinks he can, but I think he's failing his responsibility to the dogs.** My feeling is that when you get a dog from a breeder or a rescue, you are taking in a new family member for life (which is great!), but you have to recognize that you are also depriving it of the chance to go home with someone else responsible who can give it a full, secure life and will treat it like family. So the very least you should do is consider the adoption of a new pet a promise to it to do whatever it takes to make sure it's got the best happy life with you that you can provide for as long as you are alive and able to care for it. This year, my father's wife (who recently immigrated) had a grandchild born in Europe and spent 3 months there to help the new family start out. He stayed home with the dogs. She intends to spend 3 months there next year as well, still owns property there, and has much family, but it was always her dream to live in the US. They were already married and living in the US when they adopted both dogs together. My father wants to go back to Europe with her next year, but according to him, he can't bring the pugs because all means of transporting them that far are too dangerous or expensive. He wants me to take care of them for those three months (and no doubt repeatedly for years). I agreed to do this, but I live 1,400 miles away from him, and said he has to get the dogs to me. I work, *and run a dog rescue*, and live alone with dogs of my own, and won't be on vacation, so I can't just take a 5 day road trip to accomplish this. He claims it's not possible for him to bring them and since he has no other options near him to take the dogs, he will have to consider giving them up to a rescue. I told him that's unacceptable for reasons stated above. In essence, it's selfish and disloyal to throw them out of the family and take away their home so he can take a lavish vacation. He says he should be able to do this because he's 70, and won't have many more chances to go to Europe. I say that he gave up the right to travel like that TWICE by adopting both dogs without means of including them or otherwise caring for them while away. Then he claimed that the dogs were a financial hardship, which I regard as a weak excuse because the first dog wasn't"
938,"AITA for driving the limit? I'm a fairly new driver, so I haven't exactly mastered the way everyone else drives. I know that typically people go 5 over, but I prefer to go the limit (especially in residential areas). I do have two rules for myself about the way I drive. 1. If someone is behind me, and we're in a nonresidential area, go five over. Never go more than 5 over. 2. Always stay in the right lane on highways unless I need to turn left somewhere. Rule 1 applies to this. Am I an asshole?"
939,AITA for looking up how much money my teachers make? A couple years ago when i was bored in somecomputer class I decided to look up how much my teachers made. It was pretty easy to find a list of how much every city employee makes and then I just ctrl+f my teachers names and found how much they made. This was going great and really interesting until my computer teacher used her remote desktop and saw that i was looking it up. She then flipped out at me and acted like I had just shot her dog. She sent me to the VP and took away my internet for the rest of the year. So am I the asshole for looking up how much my teachers made?
940,"AITA for not wanting to drive my sister? My sister totaled her car a few months ago and has been asking me to drive her to work recently. My schedule is pretty tight during the weekdays so I like to spend my weekends out and about with friends, so I usually have plans on those days. The problem is she only asks me two hours or so before her shift, so I have to drop whatever plans I have to accommodate her job. The drive takes about an hour total for me, which is a solid chunk of time. She refuses to help pay for gas because she feels it's insignificant if it's only two times a week. Do I owe it to her because she's family?"
941,"AITA For yelling at my friends wife to comparing EVERYTHING to her labor pains? Hear me out, please. I'm not a male chauvinist, I have the utmost respect for women and the pain and torture that comes with child birth. But she pushed me to my wits end. I don't compare this to pregnancy simply because I don't know pregnancy, but I've dealt with Hemorrhoids for the better part of my adult life. The past year I've been in near constant pain, broken only by the occasional thrombosis leading to a week of laying in bed trying not to laugh, sneeze, cough, yell, breath... Essentially I know pain. And with hemorrhoids you're not allowed to take any real pain meds, like Vicodin, because constipation and makes everything a ton worse. Ok, so my friends wife gave birth about 2 months ago. She had her labor induced and it eventually had to go into a C-Section. Since then she's had the monopoly on pain, if you say ""Oh, I got a paper cut!"" She replies with ""Well try having a baby!"", if you stub your toe and yell she replies with ""Well try having a baby!"", get a headache and she replies ""Well try having a baby!"". You picking up on the pattern here? Essentially anytime anyone exclaimed about any pain at all regardless of how trivial or extreme she sticks her trade marked ""Well try having a baby!"". Meanwhile she's downing Vicodin pills by fist full. Finishing the ones her doctor gave her and then getting her husband to get her more from illegal sources. Well after a few months of this I'd gotten rather sick of it, but so had everyone else! Seriously even her best friend who's had 5 kids visibly rolls her eyes every time she says it. Well I had just gotten over yet another hemorrhoid episode, the worst one in over a year, and I was at their house for a movie night. We're watching a movie where a character is impaled with an Antenna and is forced to operate on himself to remove a left over bit. The actor masterfully depicts the massive level of pain that you'd be in self operating on your own abdomen and then having to staple yourself back together. At this point she blurts out ""OH COME ON! TRY HAVING A BABY!"" at which point I snap. I yell ""For God Sake you do not have the monopoly on pain! Because you had to go through what you went through, it does not mean that the rest of us are not entitled to scream when we're fucking impaled!"" she then tried to say ""You don't know what it's like!"" to which I replied ""Yes! You're right, I don't know what it's like to go through immense pain while downing Vicodin after Vicodin, finishing the ones that your doctor gave you plus the ones illegally acquired by your husband! I guess I'm just naive!"" I almost immediately felt bad but I try really hard not to talk about my ordeal or burden"
942,"AITA for wanting to go to a funeral of a pupil who died in my school? A junior in my school had died in his sleep and while I didn't talk to him at all, he has a few friends who are my pals aswell. There was a funeral today, I missed the bus to it because no one has told me when it'll come... After I wrote in our class whatsapp group why I wasn't notified 2 girls from my class asked me why did I want to go at all. I told them it was because I wanted to at least show some compassion to my friends who were grieving over his death but they claimed I shouldn't have even come there since the funeral is for his parents or something so I have no business being there. I have only been to one funeral and it was when I was little, so I don't really know the standard procedure... But i really wanted to be there for my friends even if I didn't know the guy. Who's wrong here?"
943,"AITA:For Having a friend get drugs for me? (I paid) In first grade of High School (third now) I became friends with a guy who showed interest in smoking pot. I was already a relatively experienced smoker and taught him the tricks of trade if you will, even later giving him the number of my dealer, which was a risky move on my part. We became quite close during the first year but then he, out of nowhere, changed schools at the beginning of our second year and we didn't manage to stay in touch (no cold blood). Then, this spring, we suddenly started hanging out again, I was the instigator. I then started smoking with him and a group of other guys from my class, but asked him to buy the drugs for us. Keep in mind he didn't have to pay a dime as long as he contacted the dealer. That said we did try to have as many sessions as possible without him, as he tends to get extremely bothersome while high. Fast forward a couple of months and he now says he feels used and is convinced we only hang out with him cause we want him to buy us weed. Am I the asshole?"
944,"AITA: For labelling all of my food in the house? We've (GF and I) been living with a roommate (RM) for a few months, and the guy is a bit overweight. Normally groceries cost around $500 per month for the 3 of us, meaning we each pay around $175. He usually gives us $100 at the beginning of the month, but when asked for more he usually doesn't have the money. (He works FT and the GF and I work PT and are in school full time) Lately it seems like he's been eating all of the food in the house and he was short on rent by $40, when asked about it, his reply was ""what do you want me to do about it?"" So we covered it and the gf and I went shopping. (Gf, me, and rm live in the house together, but she and I always do the grocery shopping since he never wants to go) however, this time when we got back we labelled all the food in her and my names, and taped down the middle of the fridge for his space and ours. We took our shopping this time and put it on our side, since he couldn't afford rent and we had to front it, as well as standardly underpaying for food. AITA? Sorry for formatting, I'm on mobile. Sorry if this seems ranty too, I'm upset and sick of there never being any food in the house. TLDR: RM spends money on stupid shit, can't afford rent, gf and I go grocery shopping and mark it as all ours, as he underpays for that too. Are we the assholes for that?"
945,"AITA for for not wanting to hang on to my sister-in-law's stuff? My sister-in-law is one of those people who is always the victim, never at fault. She has driven away the majority of her family with her inconsiderate actions and pettiness, but we always make sure she is invited to major events, especially because she has two sons who otherwise wouldn't know their family. We hosted a family reunion for my husband's side in early September, and she left the bowl that she brought potato salad in behind. I cleaned it and texted her that I had it, and when would she like to pick it up (she lives six minutes away from us). She said she would get it the next day, and nothing. Then I had my husband text her, same response, same lack of follow through. a few days ago I texted her once again and she just ignored it. Last night I texted her telling her I was cleaning out my mudroom (we put it there so she could pick it up whenever because it isn't locked), on Thursday,and if she didn't pick up her bowl by then I would assume she didn't want it and toss it for her. She responded that it wasn't her bowl so she did want it, and normally people didn't have a problem holding onto people's things after a party. I said she was inconsiderate for leaving it at our house for over three weeks when she lived so close, and she said I was being rude. Now, I know I'm not the asshole for the situation thus far, but IF she doesn't get it by tomorrow and I threw the bowl away, would I be? It's kind of a petty thing to do, but my house is not her kitchen cabinet. It's likely her fiance's mom's bowl, since she lives with them. Should I just run the bowl over to her and get over myself?"
946,"AITA for booking to collect my car an hour after my flight landed? I was on holiday in Spain last week and thought I'd drive up to the airport and book parking for my car for 9 days. So I booked it to be dropped off at a certain day and to be collected at 3am which was just over an hour after my flight landed (yeah sorry, I told a half truth). I got there at 2:30 and the guy told me off for being early and said I should have booked it earlier. I explained that I wanted to be safe and anticipate my flight possibly being delayed. He said that if I arrive early, then my car might be blocked in with other cars as they wouldn't have moved it out yet. I said that if that was the case then I would wait, no problem. I don't see the big deal to be honest. I feel like what I should have asked why exactly he'd move my car at exactly 3am, I'd rather just get the car and go. Plus it would save a crowd waiting around. It seems like I know where I stand, but did I do something which could have pissed him off? And did he have a right to be pissed off? Except lose my receipt in which I just had to give my details to him. So that probably didn't help. Maybe that's what late shifts do to you."
947,"AITA for getting mad at my girlfriend for not having me come up and see her this weekend? My girlfriend is in college and I've recently graduated. We don't get to see each other too often but make time on the weekends. At school she lives in a conjoined single which means there are two separate rooms and a shared bathroom. I have only stayed one weekend there since school started. Her roommate who lives in the other room told her I ""probably shouldn't come this weekend"" because her boyfriend is coming up and there might be too many people sharing the bathroom. I personally think that is ridiculous because 4 people sharing one bathroom is not a big deal considering I'll be taking one shower and maybe have to go to the bathroom once or twice. My girlfriend graduates in the winter and did not have any friends going into this year since she transferred but because of her roommate, she made friends with her and her friends. She doesn't want to make her mad and jeopardize her friendship but my counter argument is it isn't worth being friends with someone who would say that in the first place. Usually she stays at my house but because of family plans my parents don't want her coming this one weekend (this is the only time they have ever had a problem). I haven't yelled or name called at her but I am upset with her and it is clear. Am I the asshole?"
948,"AITA for not wanting to watch people/my girlfriend dance constantly? Every single time I'm with my girlfriend walking around the city and I hear music playing my heart skips a beat. Often, she'll just pass on through it, but recently (in the past couple of months) sometimes she'll notice a place (restaurant, club, or some other place playing music) and beg me to come with her to get closer to the music. Because she'd throw a fit if I said ""no, let's continue on with what we were planning on doing/where we were planning on going"", I oblige and we go there. She then starts dancing to the music right outside of the establishment, or if there are already people dancing she watches them. This in and of itself doesn't cause any issues with me. Sure, she can do what she likes, I'm not relationship Hitler I'm not going to tell her to not dance outside of a place or not to watch people dancing. But I do have a few issues because these things happen every single time. * It'll take forever. This was hard to write and I'm sure it sounds bad. But she just keeps dancing/watching them dance. I'm not talking 10 or 20 minutes (that's rare) either, much more than that. I'm sorry, me and my girlfriend planned other things and we're missing them because she heard a catchy tune and dragged me along to watch her dance. Sure, I can enjoy that she's enjoying something. But that only goes so far until the crushing zero stimulation boredom creeps in on me. * She berates me for looking bored. You're dragging me to watch you/others do something that I have zero interest in, of course I'm going to look bored because I AM bored. She'll get mad if I pull out my phone. * She does this at the worst possible times. I'm in pain and haven't slept in 30+ hours? It doesn't matter to her because she heard a catchy tune and decided to dance to it for literally 40 minutes. Or we'll be going to a dinner (and as such I haven't eaten all day specifically so I can eat with her for dinner), and she stops on the way to watch street performers dance for a half an hour. I wouldn't have a problem with her if she actually invited me to it and it's what we set out to do. I don't enjoy that kind of stuff but maybe I can go in and get a drink while she does her thing. * Everytime I put my foot down or otherwise insist that we leave/go do what we planned to do she tells me that I ruin all her fun and sulks. Despite how she could've went alone (or let me go while she danced), went with someone else, or actually invited me to go instead of dragging me there against my will when we were planning on doing something we both enjoyed. Naturally I don't actually tell her ""It's so boring I'd rather"
949,"AITA for being mad at my friend for something that is partially his parents' fault? My friend and I are both in the process of moving across the country (east coast to west coast) and he has been planning what cities and attractions we will be seeing. I had no problem with this, as he is pretty good at finding interesting stuff for us to do. At the beginning of the trip he gave me a list of places we would be stopping, as we will be splitting off so that he can move south and I can move north. One of the stops listed was Las Vegas. I figured that would be a good place for us to part ways, so I told him that I would be our last stop together. I also told him I was only planning on staying in Las Vegas for a night. My dad heard about our plan and decided to pay for a nice room in Vegas as a gift to me. I confirmed with my friend several times the date that we would be arriving in Vegas, then had my dad book a reservation for that date. A few days before we arrived in Vegas, my friend's parents met us so that they could continue the trip with him to his final destination. This was fine, as they had told us they had reservations in Vegas the same night that I did, so I assumed my friend and I could hit the strip before I left. Fast forward to the night of the hotel reservation: I get checked in around 5:30, then my friend texts me that his parents actually booked a hotel an hour and a half outside of Vegas for the night my hotel was booked (despite both of us thinking that they would be staying downtown). He said that I should just do stuff on my own, and then he and his family would be in Vegas early-ish the next day. I told him that I wasn't planning on sticking around for very long the next day since I had a six hour drive before my next stop, and asked that he leave his parents after dinner and stay at my hotel, then we could all meet up in the morning. He said no, that he felt bad but he wasn't going to leave his parents. I told him I felt bad that my dad was spending all this money for a hotel because he thinks we're having a fun night together in Vegas. I told him he owed me an apology, words words words, he said he wasn't sorry and I ended up going out alone and now we're not talking. I know that he didn't know his parents booked an out of the way hotel, but I can't exactly have an argument with them (we just met) and I would hope that if my parents did something similar I would honor my commitment to my friend. It really sucks that this is what it has come to, because"
950,"AITA for how I talked to another user on deviantART? Now I'm not going to name this user of course. Also they've since deleted the journal that this happened on in question, so I'll be paraphrasing. So this user has made various depressive journals, and this one in question talked about how they wished they could make all humans disappear and undo the damage we've done. I took a bit of umbrage to this idea, and told them that I disagreed and thought that we should better ourselves from what we've done, instead of trying to redo what we lost. He responds be saying how he doesn't see a point to life, and that he has a respect for mother nature and thinks that he thinks it's better to undo humanity and that we refuse to better our impact on the Earth. I respond by saying as someone who once suffered from depression and better myself from it, I understand how they feel, but don't see a point in being so depressively pessimistic as a result. I then explain how we never intended to damage the Earth, and only really noticed our impact in the last few decades, and that we should try to better ourselves with what we have instead of trying redo what was lost because of us. His final response accuses me of looking down on him and thinking I was better then he was, and then tells me to leave his page and don't come back. Now my response back may have been going too far honestly. I respond by saying I tried to help, but he chose to reject it, and instead decided to wallow in his own self-pity, and how I lost any respect I had for him up to that point. I have since blocked him, and I assume he did the same. Now I'm torn. I don't know If I was being to hard on him and overly condescending at all, or if my frustration with him is justified. I have difficulties comprehending my actions sometimes, and I feel this may have been one of those moments. I don't know, am I the a-hole in this situation? **"
951,"AITA For Asking My Landlady to Make Repairs According to Code/the Law? To make a long story short (hopefully) I rent a condo with an attached garage. I live in it with my wife and school aged step kids. Sunday morning I notice the hot water heater is spraying water at the (not appropriately named anymore) drywall behind it which in turn is reflecting off said wall and wetting down the entire garage. This was 8am so it had been spraying overnight for an undetermined amount of time. I immediately call my land lady who sends a plumber. The plumber fixes it fast and recommends she have a water damage expert look at it. He comes quickly and assesses the damage using an infrared camera. Because of the age of the home and potential for asbestos, he described the correct by the law process to me (which I verified). He then called my landlady to explain he abatement process and recommended an asbestos licensed contractor to her along with his plan to set up several fans and a dehumidifier to dry it all. She refused and stated her ""crew"" would handle it and simply rip out the existing drywall and replace. She called me to explain her position and I argued that I was concerned about the lack of drying equipment and potential for mold and mildew. (The garage smells terrible and it wafts throughout the house). I told her I didn't feel her plan was to code or the law. After this her attitude changed and after some berating my knowledge of this and how she is an expert... someone who didn't even give me the correct keys when we leased the place... she stated ""if you don't like how I am going to repair this then you can give me your 30 day notice, move out, and I will cancel your lease. Her statement struck me as suspect. I ended my call with her and began researching this stuff. She sent a handyman over with a single small fan and he drilled holes into the wall (not legal in this situation) so the fan could dry behind the wall or some such nonsense. Am I the asshole for insisting she make repairs to code? I am concerned for our health because asbestos and mold shouldn't be messed with. This condo also has many problems I've asked her to repair, which, to her cr"
952,"AITA for being annoyed with how my step-dad describes my responsibilities? Every day I do the dishes. Sometimes, due to tiredness or a bad day, or just neglect, I don't do the dishes to my step-dad's standards. When this happens, he tends to go on a rant about how dishes are ""the only thing I have to do in this house"" and talks about how easy I have it. I admit, I do have it relatively easy but it's frustrating that he claims that dishes are my only responsibility. I currently do the dishes, clean the counters, fold the towels, clean my room, clean the bathroom, clean my hedgehog's cage, and sweep the kitchen, living room, and laundry room. It's not much, but it isn't merely dishes. So am I an asshole for being upset when he says it's the ""only thing I have to do""?"
953,"AITA for completely distancing myself from one of my closest friends? This happened awhile ago, but it still eats at me. So some second opinions would be nice. I met this girl online. We started talking and quickly become friends, eventually evolving into best friends. During the friendship, I never got the opportunity to meet her, all our contact was over the phone/skype/social media/etc. Also during our friendship, a male friend and I were starting to form a relationship. It was exciting, and I would talk to her about it. She always sounded excited for me, too. And she was more than willing to listen to me when boyfriend and I were having problems. She was, in that sense, a great friend. One day she told me that she had developed romantic feelings for me. She told me she loved me, and was upset that we couldn't be together. I felt bad, I really did. I've been in her shoes with other people and it always sucks. I told her I would stop talking about my boyfriend if it made her uncomfortable. I also made sure to tell her that this wouldn't change how I saw her or our friendship, and that I still considered her my closest friend. All was well for a bit after that. But then she'd start bringing up her feelings every now and then. Just saying ""I love you"" at random times (times that would be totally appropriate if we were dating, but inappropriate that we weren't), telling me how much she cared about me and going on and on about it. And when she was having a bad day, would say she wished we could kiss and cuddle. I never once got frustrated with her because she had feelings for me, I got frustrated with her because she wouldn't let it go. It was especially inappropriate because I had a boyfriend that she knew I was very serious about. I offered more than once to give her space if she needed, and she always refused. So one day I told her that I was the one that needed space, that she was effecting my relationship (he knew about her and what was going on). She was very upset, but said she understood. I told her I still wanted to talk and be friends, but not talk every single day like we were. But at that point, she pretty much stopped talking to me all together. I didn't push the issue. She was doing what she needed to do for her own sake (I hope). For a couple months after that, I'd get an occasional message from her. Some were just ""How are you?"". I'd respond, but the conversations would end quick on her terms. Others were ""I miss you"". One time she sent me a picture of her arm where she had cut herself. I knew she would occasionally do that (and I never once shunned her for it, being someone who self harmed myself). But this time, she deliberately carved my initials. It was so"
954,"AITA for asking a Tinder match about her pictures? I swiped right on a profile because her first picture was really cute and she had a good bio. We wound up matching. I took another look through her pictures and saw that in some of her later pictures, she looked very overweight. Her initial picture wasn't a close-up of her face, she just looked pretty and a healthy weight. However, I've been on Tinder dates before where their initial pictures were cute and their later pictures weren't, and the later pictures were how they actually looked on the date. In this case, I decided to ask her if she had lost weight since some of the pictures were taken. She said that the pictures were taken over the years and that the glasses may have an effect on her appearance (she was wearing glasses in all her overweight pictures). I asked her if her main picture was her most recent one (because she was very cute in it). She asked me why that mattered. I explained how I've been deceived before, and her response was that it shouldn't matter how made up she is in her pictures and that I'm just projecting insecurities. I then unmatched her, thinking that because she had been so dodgy with her answers, I was right to be cautious. So, am I the asshole?"
955,"AITA for implying my friend might be into pedophilia I was talking to my friend on Skype (we are both adults) when they mentioned they were reading fanfiction about a particular pairing from a TV show. I said ""ew"", but they thought I meant the show and not the couple. They said they were surprised I didn't like the show because it was so much like another show I love. Our conversation got a little tense over that because I insisted that they were nothing alike. While that was going on, I looked up the ages of the characters they mentioned, because I was pretty sure one was a young teen and the other was in his 30s. The idea of my friend being into something like that made me very uncomfortable, but I decided I should ignore it. My roommate saw and questioned me about the situation, then sent a message to my friend from their own Skype. (It was nothing more than a ""hi!"", but I asked them not to start shit.) So my friend got suspicious and asked why my roommate messaged them, and I explained that she saw me looking up the ages of the characters. My friend then explained that there were no official ages of the characters, only speculations. They did admit though that there is likely a decent age gap, and that the wiki pages do say that one is an adult and the other a minor. They then assured me that they like the pairing only in the context of both being consenting adults. I said ""That's a relief"" but it really upset them and they accused me of being a bad friend for jumping to conclusions and assuming they would be into a pedophilia relationship. I said I was just concerned and surprised, not trying to judge, and explained that ""people are full of surprises"" especially with internet friends and how anyone could be into weird shit. They tried to drop it but then brought it up again by mentioning that I didn't seem happy with them. I said I didn't like being called a bad friend and they said they didn't like being told they could possibly be into pedophilia. I insisted that I didn't even bring it up, they asked me a question that I answered honestly. They kept pulling up quotes and I kept defending myself. In the end they said ""given my insecurities about being called an abuser and emotional manipulator, and the fact that I've worked with children, I think it's valid that I'm upset."" **Edit:** The interaction with my roommate went like this: ""Why are you looking up Character A and B's ages?"" ""Skype Friend mentioned they were reading a fanfiction about them."" Roommate proceeds to get judgmental all on their own because they watch the show and think the pairing is wrong to be into. Never at any point did the word ""pedophilia"" come from me while I was talking to either of them."
956,"AITA for having this definition of cultural? I know not totally in keeping with this sub, but this seems like the best place to put it. My gf and I are arguing about what is considered cultural. There was a wine store next to the restaurant we were eating at, and I said ""hey did you know that place has beer there?"" and she said ""well duh."" I defended my ignorance by citing that where I'm from you couldn't buy everything at the same place (by law, beer, liquor, and wine were all sold in separate stores); it's a cultural difference. And that's where the argument broke out. What I'm arguing is that my not knowing is due to cultural differences: Within the subculture of my state/county/whatever, since you couldn't buy all three at the same place, it's a cultural difference between where I'm from and where you're from. My argument is based on 1. the freaking definition of culture which includes laws, 2. that other examples such as not being allowed to spit on the ground in singapore or the uk banning private gun ownership lead to cultural differences where a singaporean would be surprised to see someone spit on the ground in the US or a brit being confused by ""from my cold dead hands"" gun culture Now here's my girlfriend with her terrible rationale: It's a LEGAL DIFFERENCE. Not culture -__-"
957,"AITA For Telling My Brother to Quit Being an Insufferable Douche? I'm 18, just recently graduated High School, and I haven't started work nor college yet (Work starts this week.) He's 16, and I love him, but we oftentimes have it out verbally. What usually ends up happening is that we'll go a week or two getting along, and then he does something or gets an attitude about something that absolutely drives me mad. Then, inevitably; we end up fighting about it. Half the time I feel that I'm not in the wrong. What usually incites these arguments is the fact that I tell him what to do, even when my parents end up saying the same thing I do in the long run. No matter what it is, if it comes out of my mouth he's going to have an attitude about it. Within the past 2 days, we recently had to mow. I usually do a good bulk of the mowing, and he gets the trim. That's how it's been for a long time and it works well with both of our schedules. So I let him know that the mowing needs done (Yesterday) and he goes out to do it. Instead of mowing the trim however, he mows over everything I already did; saying it wasn't done (Even though you could very clearly see the difference of what was done and what wasn't.) I confronted him about it (Calmly mind you.) and he goes off and gives me his attitude as per the norm. Things obviously verbally escalate, and he tells me to leave (Even though I was calm the entire time.) And I know if I left, nothing would be done about it. Flash forward to today, and he made himself some lunch (School's out for today.) He always has a problem with making sure he gets his dirty dishes inside the dishwasher, and he usually leaves his messes for someone else to clean up. Today is my mother's birthday, and in knowing this; I knew she would be absolutely livid if she saw the mess he made. I went to his room (Again, calmly) To tell him to clean up his mess, and to do so very quickly. If either of my parents would see the mess he made of the kitchen, they would be pissed. And I didn't want them to get mad on my mother's birthday, and I didn't want to clean his mess up for him because he needs to learn to do it on his own. I go out to get a snack as he's cleaning, and I told him how we get along for a week or so and he becomes an insufferable douche. Then he tells me that he can't wait until I move out, even though it probably won't happen and he called me a fat ass with a superiority complex. All because I told him to clean up his mess, and mow his part of the lawn (Which hasn't even been done yet.) Am I the asshole? Edit: Thank"
958,"AITA for pointing out a stupid argument? A vegan girl I know exclusively posts to facebook with vegan stuff, and occasionally it's stuff that implies that others are bad people for eating meat, or that anyone who's not a vegan is an idiot. She posted [this stupid image] recently. I replied with a link to the wikipedia page for the straw man fallacy. She called me ignorant, then when I messaged I explained that I'm just pointing out a textbook example of a poor argument and if she doesn't like the criticism she should pick better arguments. She told me that when she posts stuff like that on facebook it's for her and her friends, basically implying that I'm an asshole for commenting. Am I? EDIT: link issues; https://goo.gl/images/LnASWH"
959,"AITA for asking my SO to switch the volume/buzzer off on his phone for WhatsApp? My SO recently got a new job and has made lots of friends and it is great, he seems really happy. But they have a WhatsApp group that is quite active in the evenings and I find the buzzing of his phone alert really intrusive. Neither of us text much and if our phones go off in the evening it is usually his sister and she is cool, and only texts once or twice a month. Little noises have always bothered me, and last night his phone buzzed by the bed side four times after lights out and while I was awake anyway, it grated on my nerves. When I told him I found it intrusive on my quiet time he said I was being oversensitive and that I should be glad he has a social life."
960,"AITA for not knowing why she was mad? A group of my friends are all traveling together for work. Friend A (will be called Anna) and I share a room. She hasn't spoken much to me, and in the last about month or so has been very aloof and conspicuously ignored me. Whatever. A group of my friends and some new acquaintances were playing a drinking game. Anna was in our shared room, on the phone. I went through our room briefly to get my bottle-opener, heard her laughing and saying cutesy stuff. I got back to the group and about 5 min later, Friend B (will be called Bonnie) asked where Anna was. ME: ""She's in our room on the phone, I think with [Anna's bf]."" I said this because 1) she was in our room, 2) she was on the phone, 3) it sounded like it was with her bf and so this wasn't a vast leap of logic, and 4) the one time I accidentally interrupted a phone call by speaking to her before I could see her as I entered a room she got super mad about it and I figured she'd get mad about anyone interrupting her phone call. I didn't lay out this reasoning, only said what's in quotations above. We continued our game. 10 min later, Bonnie leaves the room where the games were going on. Two min after that, I leave the game room and go into Anna's and my shared room to use the ensuite bathroom. In the bedroom, Anna and Bonnie are having a hushed conversation that abruptly ends as I pass through. When I come out, Bonnie is gone. I say to Anna: ME: ""Do you want to join.."" The unspoken completion of the sentence being ""...us in the other room? The French (a group of French people cohabiting with us) are teaching us a new game."" ANNA (interrupting): ""Nuh-uh, don't you talk to me. I'm mad at you."" ME: ""Ok, some other time, then."" I reply, and leave. It's evident she's mad at me and was before I spoke, but I'd assumed it was because she hadn't been invited to join yet as well as for whatever mystery reasons have been making her mad this whole time. So, I'd thought I could remedy it by inviting her and trying to talk. Apparently not. She remains silent for over a day. Bear in mind, she's been acting stand-offish and aloof for about a month now. I've wracked my brain for everything I might be doing ""wrong"". I usually wake up before her, so I use silent alarms and have even delayed my usual wake-up time closer to her usual. I set out clothes the day before because my wardrobe door is squeaky and might wake her in the mornings. I exchange pleasantries as we pass in the kitchen in the morning and greet her when she gets home in the evening. On nights we eat out as a group, I usually take her side in choosing. When we cook at home,"
961,"AITA For this conversation in a sale thread? Now let's just be clear, I don't think I handled this well, I probably should have just downvoted him and moved on. I just want to know if this is my fault or not. [Here are the screenshots, First two are the conversation, last one is the actual sale for reference.] Edit: I am the seller"
962,"AITA for implying to a guy that a girl might be too drunk to have sex with. I was at a club a little while back. (I'm a dude BTW, if that is relevant.) I had mainly spent the evening hanging out with my friends and chatting with people in the outside smoking area of the club. It's getting late and the club is closing soon. I get talking to a girl (lets call her Janet) which is pretty drunk. Janet asks for a cigarette and we chat a little bit. Janet's speech was slurred and she had this look in her eyes that very/black-out drunk people get, and she didn't seem understand personal space, I had to keep stepping back. Outside the club with my friends as we kind of lingering and saying goodbye to each other I see the Janet being led by a guy (Lets call him Ben (which I don't know)) . So I ask Ben quietly 'do you think that maybe Janet is a little too drunk? If you see what I mean' The Ben was a little taken aback and got a little defensive. Ben said that he hadn't planed anything with Janet and that he just wanted to go home and sleep. We chatted a little and I wished him a good night. I didn't think about this interaction until a few days later when I was talking in Skype with a friend (who wasn't there that night). I was telling him about my night, and this story came up. My friend told me that he thought I was a complete prick for doing that to Ben and a ""sjw"". Which made me think. I might have come across very rude in Ben's eyes. My intentions were genuine, but then again maybe it was wrong of my to try and ""white-knight"" Janet, and that she was an adult and could make her own decisions. I mean I wasn't Janet's friend or anything, I didn't know her. What are you guys think? Should I react differently if a situation like this occurs again? My friend seemed to think I was in the wrong, I don't, was I though?"
963,"AITA for not wanting to marry my girlfriend right now? My girlfriend is from a third-world country. She's in the United States on a student visa, but will be graduating soon. She's trying to get into grad school or get an internship that would allow her to stay, but the most likely outcome is that she's going to have to return to her home country when she finishes school. She's really upset about having to leave, and she's said that I can come to live in her country so we can stay together if she has to. She's brought up marriage once, while getting upset about her situation. She was sad that I hadn't brought up marriage as a way to deal with the situation and help her stay here with me. My feelings are that we should get married for love rather than convenience, and that the relationship is still too young for me to be seriously considering it. We've been together for a year and some change. Am I the asshole?"
964,"AiTA for flirting with my friend? It's a short story. I exercise a lot, and carry icy hot, to help my muscle pain afterwards. One day I offhandedly mentioned how difficult it was to get icy hot into the center of my back. She said and I quote ""It must be difficult, with all those muscles. Maybe I can help, and do it for you"" I took her up on the offer, and we went into the bathroom for her to apply the icy hot to me. I got hard pretty much instantly. Afterwards, I thought that that meant she was into me, and so I flirted with her, trying to get the ball rolling so to speak. She showed disinterest in me, and at one point came into our place of work on her time off, and didn't even acknowledge me. She just got what she came for, and left, never looking into the back where I work for a second. I'm not trying to spin it to sound like a victim, I'm just saying I flirted with her, she treated me like a skeevy pervet who's just trying to bang, and then after stopping we went gone back to a very normal friendship. I just want to know if I was an asshole for it? Also, we are cool now, but I still always have this lingering thought that she thinks of me as a douchebag who's just trying to get with her. Even though I really do respect her and think of her as a good friend. IDK Edit: She had a boyfriend at the time. Just in case that's important."
965,"AITA for lecturing my mom about the dog We adopted a Lab-Mastiff mutt a couple months ago. This was to help keep my mom company as my dad and I both work long hours and my mom could use a dog to exercise with. She has a tendency to feed the dog human food, and in quick to Google and stop her when the food is bad for the dog (watermelon rinds, grapes, etc), or let her know that the food is good for the dog and something that he should get as a treat. After I left for work last night she fed the dog the remaining thanksgiving leftovers. I return home this morning to find the dog lying in his bed lethargic. They explained what they fed him and I told them that they can't do that. That the dog doesn't eat human food that often, and never as a full meal replacement. They said I shouldn't lecture them because they've raised more dogs, and I told them that they apparently need to be lectured because they need to know that certain things aren't good for the dog. AITA for lecturing my parents about feeling the dog thanksgiving scraps and making him sick? Edit - For those wondering, it turns out he just has ""garbage gut"" because he apparently ate a whole container of margarine Thursday night and I never knew. They didn't feed him the margarine, he stole it."
966,"AITA for getting irritated with my grandmother? My grandmother and I are very close. I am probably closer with her than I am my mother, and I really think of her more of a mother figure than a grandmother. She lives close to me, within walking distance. I do not have a washing machine in my apartment, and I do drive (everything in my town is within walking distance lol) so I do my laundry at her house normally. Saves money at the laundromat, and we get to spend time together on laundry day. Well the past laundry day we out shopping & to eat, we were running late, and while we were out, my clothing was still sitting in the was because I thought we'd be quicker and I'd have more time after running around to dry it. She offered to take it out of the dryer for me, and I could pick it up the next day. I was hesitant to say yes, I felt guilty tasking her with that, she told me it really wasn't a big deal. So I figured it wasn't a big deal, she could just pull it out of the dryer and leave it in my basket. So I went to pick it up today, she wasn't home so I just grabbed it and brought it home. It was all sorted and folded. Now, I should be grateful I don't have to do that, right? I'm annoyed. She said that evening ""I'll fold it for you,"" and I said ""No that's ridiculous, don't do that."" I'm a grown woman, I feel bad enough that I need to rely on her to do laundry there. But I don't HAVE to rely on her, I went to the laundromat for months, until she offered to let me do it there to make it easier on me, so I figured why not? I'm annoyed because pulling a wad of clothing from the dryer into a basket is one thing. Her sitting there, sifting through every item of me & my fiancé's clothing honestly makes me uncomfortable. What if I had some of my sexy lingerie stuff in there? She wouldn't say anything, I've bought nighties in front of her, but her sitting there folding them for me like a kid makes me uncomfortable. Also, I have a certain way that I like my laundry folded!! Not that I don't trust her to fold laundry obviously, but like.. I just like it done my way, and I asked her not to do that. I know she thinks she was doing this to be helpful and nice, and if it were just this once, I wouldn't think much of it, but she does things like this ALL the time. She'll offer to do me (or anyone) a favor, and I'll say no, I appreciate it but no. Not just as that weird ""Oh you don't have to......"" thing, but because that favor would NOT be helpful, it is unnecessary and may make things more complicated rather than helping things. And"
967,"AITA For asking the hostess for my check since my waiter was busy talking with coworkers? Was done eating with friends for about 5 minutes, no visit from our waiter in that time. Look around and I see he's talking with some other waiters. Im sitting next to the hostess' stand and get her attention. I tell her we're all done and ask if she could grab our waiter so we could pay. Instead of saying ""sure"" or anything remotely polite, I get a ""Uhh, Im actually your hostess.."" in a really bitchy, Mean Girls kinda voice. I myself am a waiter, so I know a bit about customer service and what not, but is it like a total no-no to bother the hostess or was she just being the asshole?"
968,"AITA for not wanting my girlfriend's parents to meddle with our eventual marriage? Earlier I was with my girlfriend of two years, and we've been talking about marriage (within the next 2-3 years potentially) a bit recently. She said that she wouldn't go through with it if her parents disapproved of me. In what I feel to be a perfectly natural reaction - I got upset and we talked about it. She expressed a fear that her parents would disown her if she married someone they didn't approve of, and expressed a fear that I would treat her badly after marriage (which she has absolutely no reason to think). Now, her parents are a bit mixed on me. Number one it's not really 'open' we're together. My girlfriend fears them disowning her over it but they know anyway. Her mother likes me (though dislikes how I'm younger than her) and her father is downright passive-aggressive towards me. Number two, I'm not from this country so that's an obvious tick against me. She tried to console me by telling me even if they disapproved of us, our relationship would remain the same. I told her that it wouldn't and that I couldn't be with her if she let her parents stop our future wedding. She berated me for being 'too lazy to convince [her] parents"". Where as I don't feel like I should have to because I'm not dating her parents. I can respect that she values their opinion but giving them the decision like that, I feel that's bullshit. Near the end she kinda caved in and was like ""Well fine if you can't convince them after trying I'd go through with it"". I begrudgingly accepted that, then she told me she was hurt. This was about 6 hours ago and she's still really upset about it, but I don't feel I did anything wrong. I don't feel I'm obligated to stay with someone who lets other people determine what happens in our relationship."
969,"AITA for using the dryer? I live in a shared house with 3 other people. I live on the first floor with housemates 1 and 2, and housemate 3 lives in a bedroom attached to the kitchen (it's in the back of the house and you walk through the kitchen to get there). We have a dryer in the kitchen next to our washing machine and I use it the most. The other housemates have been making a lot of comments on me using it. The person who lives downstairs doesn't like the dryer noise. As we are students, we are often in at random times of the day and he's frequently in all day, studying/napping, because he likes studying at home and not on campus. The others keep talking up the environmental impacts of the dryer and the bills. I hang my clothes out to dry when I can, but I am more time pushed than the others - I have university for 3 days and also a job for another 3 days of the week, and I travel to a nearby city to visit my girlfriend, so I'm rarely in the house. It rains a lot so leaving things outside all day is risky, often they end up more wet than they started. I get in at 6 - 7pm mostly, so washing can't be done until late on evenings, or on the 1 afternoon/morning I can squeeze in to be in the house - often this coincides with housemate 3 being in her room, she is there most days. I don't wash things late at night, I dry things on the radiator when suitable (small items that won't make the house damp if windows are left open) and I use the eco setting on the washing machine (makes the clothes less wet so they dry quicker). The bills are the same as they always have been. There are 3 other people needing to use the washing machine so generally, leaving stuff in there for periods of time isn't good (plus they get mouldy). Am I unreasonable for being annoyed at this? Side note: one of the housemates is particularly preachy about loads of things environmental related. She's a vegan and she likes to constantly point out how we shouldn't use palm oil, Nestle, buy clothes from Primark, Topshop etc. etc. so I admit, my negative feelings over this are strongly influenced by my dislike of being preached at for what damn facewash I use."
970,"AITA for taking back my tube of toothpaste Okay so I live with my parents and I pay them rent and stuff. Its me, my brother, my parents, and my little cousin is staying with us. We have two bathrooms and me and my brother and cousin use one and my parents use the other, the three of us shared toothpaste all the time and it would run out so I went and bought two one for me and the other for them Last night tho my toothpaste was gone so went in the other bathroom and Mr s took it, so I took it back earlier, then he was getting ready for bed and he came and asked me and my cousin I told him sternly ""that was my toothpaste"" he whispered something back but then walked away I'm not being unreasonable I don't think but Am I the Asshole??"
971,"AITA for telling a friend I'm moving? So I have pretty solid plans to move out of my parent's house in a few months. I have a place to stay and all that. I've tried to discuss this with my parents so I'm not just walking out the door one day, but they refuse to listen. They like to pretend it's not happening. I'm the oldest sibling, so I understand that cutting the cord must be hard. But it's bound to happen eventually. I had posted on Facebook that I was at a bar near where I'd be moving to. A friend of mine commented saying I was minutes away from her house. I responded saying I'll be moving down there in a few months and we can hangout and whatnot. This was posted last night. This morning I wake up to a text from my mom saying that before I go posting things like that on Facebook I should talk to her and dad first. I responded saying that I've tried and they won't listen. I know when I get home later today they'll want to have a discussion about how I need to watch what I post online and blah blah blah (I'm 21 for god's sake. I make an innocent joke about Ted Cruz awhile ago and my mom gave me a long chat about that). Am I the asshole here? I feel like at my age, and the fact that I pay all of my own bills already (insurance, car, phone. Everything except medical.) should be grounds that I can move out basically whenever I want. Am I wrong?"
972,AITA For arguing a simple math problem? So the other day I was doing some math problem when my wife walked in. She joined me and together we did some calculations. When I looked over I noticed some odd step that I have never seen before. When I challenged her on it she told me that's how she learned it and it makes sense to her. It still gives the right answer but I have never seen (in any book) this step and felt like it was redundant. So we discussed this at length. Eventually it became an argument. Her sister explained that's how she does it as well. Now I knew where my wife found it. So I tried unsuccessfully to explain basic math with examples. We went to bed in disagreement. Here is the question : 500 - (-100) =600 My answer : Negatives cancel out and the equation can be written as 500 + 100 =600 Her answer : You can't just say cancel out and need to show it. Therefore it's really 500 - 1(-100) = 600. You go with bedmas and then add. I'm at a loss. Every book I have read just states the following: a - (-b) = a + b and not a - 1(-b). Thoughts?
973,"AITA for calling out to a stranger? Last night I was out drinking with some friends. We'd just left a karaoke bar (which obviously involved a lot of alcohol) and decided to kick on at another place down the street. We were drinking in the outdoors area, talking and people watching. I noticed a girl walking with a couple of people on the other side of the street wearing a really nice red dress. Being in the drunkenly uninhibited state that I was I called out to her. ""Hey red dress, you look gorgeous."" She smiled and sort of waved. However my friend chastised me for doing so, she said that it was misogynistic. My other friend, her boyfriend, backed her up and also told me off. He tried to relate it to me saying ""imagine if the roles were reversed, how would I feel?"" To which I replied I'd probably feel pretty good if some random person complimented me. I didn't approach the girl or have any further interactions with her. Am I a misogynistic asshole for wanting to compliment a woman who had obviously put a lot of effort into her appearance?"
974,"AITA for bringing up a teacher's sexist joke? So, in history class, we were (for some reason or other) talking about two athletes that had a literal fight, and ended up friends. Teacher says ""If they were girls, they'd still hate eachother"". So I say (half joking) ""Casual sexism from Mr. Anon"". He gets defensive, proceeds to bring it up throughtout the class period saying things like ""See, Logan? That was a joke"". So, am I the asshole?"
975,"AITA for yelling at my boyfriend? So we took a shower this morning, and inside his bathroom is a radio that we turn on while taking a shower etc. After taking a shower my boyfriend was outside the shower patting himself dry, while I was still inside. There was a news story about ""clown pranks"". Ever saw one of those creepy clown prank videos on youtube where they appear out of a bush at night and ""attack"" others? This kind of news story except that a few dudes started to do such things in our local area while also robbing the people. I wanted to listen to that story so I told my boyfriend ""be quiet"" in a quick and maybe rude way, while he was about to tell me something. The news story went on about a mother asking the radio station how to protect against such clown attacks and then my boyfriend blowed his nose with a handkerchief (we are both a bit sick right now) and he proceeded to put it in the toilet and flush it down....before he did so i knew what he was about to do since i could see it through the shower curtain and said quickly ""stop, don't flush, i want to listen to that story""(the flushing sound is so loud it would block the radio sound and well this story was important to me) i saw his hand basically freezing midway while telling him. But then like 2seconds after i said so he did flush the toilet. It made me so angry i yelled loudly at him "" [His name], you asshole, this news story was important to me"". I felt so disrespected by his actions, it made me angry. But then he got really angry and yelled at me back like ..how rude i am to him in his flat, and how i can call him an asshole about such a small thing like flushing the toilet. Am I the asshole reddit?"
976,"AITA for thinking I deserve more? I'm a freshman in college and I've been friends with this girl (Sara) since the beginning of my senior year in High School. Sara was undoubtedly my best friend my senior year as we talked (and still do) every single day. We hung out quite a bit (and for someone like me who's been a loner for most of my life, I mean that we hung out outside of school a few times a month). We've told each other big secrets and have big through some big life events together. I thought we were close enough that I asked her out the day of my high school graduation. She ended up saying no, and that she's rather just be friends and that she doesn't want to date anyone. The reason that I think she's embarrassed by me is that she will never acknowledge that I exist anywhere outside of our conversations. I've been told that if I'm brought up in a conversation that she will quickly try to change the subject and doesn't want to talk about me. She has also never posted anything on social media about me. Not a snapchat story, not an instagram post, not even a tweet. We even went to Prom together and she put nothing up about going with me, only a photo of her with her closest girl friend. We also drove to a resort community 60 miles away and she didn't even post anything about me going with her. That was a day I begged to have off of work from. Meanwhile, her face is all over my social media accounts. The night before I left we hung out for like an hour. The whole time she told me how she just wanted to go home and sleep. She also told me that she deleted a bunch of photos off of her phone because she needed space. It wasn't really a happy send off. Then after dwelling on it for a few weeks I asked her about it and she said it wasn't a big deal. I also suffer from depression and she doesn't seem to be very supportive of that. Whenever I am having a depressive episode of mine she just seems annoyed and tells me to just work on not reacting so much. Fast forward to now, she's a senior in high school. She recently made a posterboard of photos to celebrate her last swim meet (popularly known as ""Senior Night""). The photos on the board range from childhood to events as recently as last week. I was sent a photo of the board and there were tons of photos on it, just none with me in them. There were even photos of plenty of her friends that she has known not nearly as long as me and is not nearly as close to. So, Am I the asshole for thinking that Sara is embarrassed by me and thinking that she doesn't really care about me as much as I believe? BTW tell me if I'm"
977,"AITA for singing ""god is sh**"" in front of someone else? ***First of all I respect people, and the fact that they can believe whatever they want, and feel what they want to feel, we all have that right, but not aleays the reason.*** I was with a friend driving and Joan Osborne's ""One of us"" song played in the Radio. I changed a word of the lyrics while we were singing, and replaced it with ""sh**"". My friend felt very offended and asked me ""how can you say that in front of me? you're disrespecting me"". It caused a discussion because my joke had nothing to do with him, or religions. ""God"" for me is a general concept, doesn't represent anything. To me, saying something bad about a god is the equivalent of saying something bad about my favorite rock band or pop artist. Sure it can awake passions but does it really give anyone reason to feel particularly offended? **Am I the asshole, Reddit?**"
978,"AITA for getting a dye job knowing my boyfriend will hate it? **TL;DR I want to dye my hair some crazy colors. My boyfriend hates unnatural hair colors and while he says he'll love me regardless he thinks it looks trashy and he is gonna be bummed out if I dye it. I think I'm gonna do it anyway. Am I an asshole?** My boyfriend and I have been together for almost a year and a half now. He's loving, caring blah blah blah. We have a great relationship with some minor conflict, but everything has been getting better (he grew up in a shitty household and this is his first real long term relationship, so he's kinda learning how a healthy relationship works). He's 25 and I'm 21. When I go through periods of stress I usually get myself a big ""gift"", usually something that is a big change. I'm in college so generally this is once a semester. Last semester I got a cat, the semester before that I got a pet snake, the one before that I went platinum blonde and the one before that I dyed my hair red. For some reason it helps me cope with stress. So it's getting to that time again and I figured my ""gift"" this semester would be dying my hair some crazy colors. I've always wanted to do that and I feel like if I do it I need to do it soon since I probably won't be able to after graduation because I'll have a job (or at least be seeking one). I've been floating the idea past my boyfriend for a few months but yesterday I asked him in earnest to tell me what he thought. I sent a few pictures of styles I liked for his opinion and he confessed that he hated unnatural hair dyes, thought they looked trashy and that he really couldn't see himself liking any hair dye on me because he likes my natural color. I even tried photoshopping some different hair colors on a picture of me to see if that would change his mind (and because it was fun) but he still hated it. He told me I could do what I want, that he would still love me but that he prefers my natural hair and mentioned that if I had an appearance preference for him, he would do it. He told me he would still support me regardless and that it's my body to do what I want with, he was just gonna hate the way it looked. Initially I figured I would just not dye it and that would be that, but I'm having a really hard time giving up on the idea and I feel like I'll regret it later if I don't go a little crazy now while I have the chance. I'm pretty sure I'm gonna just do it anyway but I feel shitty. I know if he wanted to do something like buzz his hair that I wouldn't like I'd be kinda disappointed too, I"
979,"AITA for shoving past people on a bus and calling them assholes? Get on a crowded city bus. There are about 20 people crammed into the first few feet and the back is mostly empty. People are still filing on behind me. I shove past people with more force than I probably needed and loudly say to myself, ""why don't we all just stand in a big group so no one else can get on the bust? Assholes."" Does that make me the asshole?"
980,AITA for not wanting to let my friend play Battlefield 1 from my account while I'm not using it So my friend is broke right now because he just spent $140 on clothes and I saved my money and bought Battlefield 1. He wants me to give him my Origin information so he can play it on his computer. I'm sure he would log off to let me play but I don't like the idea of him being able to play it when I had to save my money for this game. Also he'd be progressing my level and gear which I want to do myself.
981,"AITA for demanding an apology for this My girlfriend and I were going to some place she wanted to go to. When we were getting on the bus she went on about 3-5 seconds before me, as people rushed ahead of me. She sat down, and a man asked her if the seat next to her was taken/if she was with someone that would be sitting there. As she was reserving it for me, she told him it was right before I sat down. About 10-15 minutes later with no provocation she let out a ""Can't even claim his own seat on the bus"" in a very annoyed tone of voice. I asked her what was up, she told me that I 'let a female claim [my] seat for [me]"". Now, me and my girlfriend are from different countries with somewhat different cultures, but I personally don't believe that attacking me for being 5 seconds later on a bus is acceptable in any culture. I told her I feel it makes no difference who claimed it for whom. I happened to be 5 seconds later, I didn't intentionally lag behind so she'd be the one guarding the seat. I told her that I don't feel either of our genders really matter in situations like this, to which she replied with ""oh I see"". I feel it's important to note that I am most definitely not the stereotypical man from her country. But the thing is, she likes that. The stereotypical man from her country is not gentle, is loud, unaffectionate, completely out of touch with their emotions, etc. And I'm the opposite on all of those. She praises me again and again for going against her country's gender roles/sterotypes but attacked me for not fulfilling one (by accident) that's convenient for her. All the while genuinely fearing that I'd expect her to fulfill her gender roles of the country (work + take care of kids alone, clean and cook everything, etc). After more poking and prodding (me asking why it's such a big deal and her trying to weasel out of communicating) she told me that I should've just pushed the people out of the way, etc. I told her I wanted an apology because I felt like she made a not-so-thinly veiled attack on my masculinity and for making a big deal out of me being 5 seconds later on a bus. She refused, saying there's nothing to apologize for. So finally I just told her that I'm not going to do things/stop doing things just because she considers it the man's job to do so, and I tried to let the whole thing go. Since we arrived and I didn't want to ruin it for her, I put aside my feelings from the event and tried to have a good time with her, to which she ignored me through most of it and was annoyed at me the entire time because I was annoyed about her attacking me because I was 5 seconds later. She thinks I'm the asshole because"
982,"AITA for not helping my brother get a job?? So my brother is trying to become a cop. He's been going through background checks and the police departments have been coming around talking to people, including me. My brother and I don't get along mostly because he's super volatile, lies about me or too me and more recently has even stolen from me. He always tries to piss me off or mess with me by slamming doors when I'm around (he doesn't slam them when I'm not near by), trying to get me in trouble with my parents, usually by making stuff up. He's told them that I go around coughing in the kitchen, that I'm taking stuff from their office, it's all pretty petty. He even lies to me. He never cleans up after himself and when I confront him about it he just lies and says he didn't make the mess. He has taken my clothes out of the dryer mid cycle and told me that I deserve it or that he didn't do it. He loves to make little comments under his breath about my girlfriend and I when we're around. He even got really angry that we went to my Moms birthday dinner so much that he started cursing in the restaurant and threw money at my dad when he left. More recently he stole some shirts and camping stuff I had. I know it was him because it disappeared when he was the only one in the house. And I also noticed he was checking out a shirt I was wearing right before it disappeared. Just a few weeks ago my girlfriend and I were at my parents house putting up curtain rods for them. My brother started throwing a fit as soon as he saw us. He turned on the TV which he wasn't watching at all nor could he even see it since we were in the way. He had the volume turned up super high, louder than he normally has it. He then went to my dad and told him, ""Tell them to fuck off! I'm watching TV!!"" and started slamming doors. This is just one example of his many outbursts that he has. He's 26 and has always had some serious anger issues. I also think he's trying to become a cop so he can ""run into"" some old friends of his that he no longer gets along with. He's always been big on revenge. Even my dad shares this opinion. Anywho, the police department he's applying for has sent me a letter asking me to fill out a form about his personal behavior and attitude. I was pretty honest on it and told them about his anger issues. My dad had spoken to me prior to me getting the letter. He asked me to pretty much say we get along, that he doesn't have any anger issues and that we don't talk because we just grew apart. I honestly don't think he should be a cop and that why I wrote what"
983,"AITA for withholding my ex-friend's things until she returns mine things? This is more of a would-I-be-an-asshole, because it's still going on. Anyway, I flew down here to visit two of my best friends. Most of the trip seemed fun until the end when one of them, Lisa, started to lose her facade and start to show who she was when she didn't have guests over. She would bitch and complain about not having cash, act like everyone was out to get her, etc. My last straw was when she started putting her boyfriend over me, and her boyfriend decided to go off on me. Also, her and her boyfriend had sex on our friends bed despite this friend begging her to please not to. So, my friend kicked Lisa out. It was a long time coming anyway. The issue is, this friend still has some important, expensive shit. For example she still has the keys to the house and my friend doesn't trust her to have those. I left my very expensive, very elaborate lady Joker costume in her car after we went to comiccon. I need those back today because I have an early morning flight. Lisa refuses to respond to anyone now. We've even tried to contact her boyfriend, who hung up, and her boyfriend's friend, who literally acted like a child and did the whole ""new phone, who dis"" kinda thing. I finally told Lisa that if she doesn't want to return my shit, I'm taking something of hers equal in value. She still has her stuff here until she can come pick it up. I decided to take a bunch of pop funkos and some autographed stuff that'd all add up to the amount of my costume. Am I the asshole here? I keep having guilt but I need this costume back and it's the only thing I can think of that would convince her to give it back. If she doesn't return them by tonight I will have to keep them, and maybe make an exchange to return it."
984,"AITA for not feeling bad for my oldest sister? Tldr at the end... This side of my family has had many problems and doesn't get along as well as it should. This story is very long and hard to explan though I will try my best. My mother had my oldest sister at a time when she was too young to understand what she was doing we think, at 19 years old, and wasn't always the best. She didn't have the money to let her do everything she wanted and she made many mistakes by being harder on her than she was with the rest of us. I don't know the full story here and it's hard for me to talk on something I'm not sure of. Even so, from what I can remember, my mother has always tried reaching out to make up for her mistakes and all my oldest sister has done is be worse to her and even more so to my grandparents who have cared for her. She is selfish and rude to everyone of us. I know her life is hard because of her illness (RSD), but even before this it was still true. Now to this situation, my mother recently told me that she is in the hospital. Apparently she had hallucinated from her antianxiety or antidepressant she had been taking for awhile. We just got the news that she has ulcers inside of her stomach that have been causing an incredible amount of pain. Even though I don't wish this on her, I just felt emotionless when told this. My mother is emotional about the fact that her oldest child would be more stressed by her (their relationship is incredibly strained) being there than if she just stays away. I find myself just feeling bad for my grandparents and mother and not my sister. She never made any attempt to be a real sister to me throughout my life (she's quite a bit older than me) and I feel no connection as family. Tldr: Me and my oldest sister have little to no connection due to family tensions my entire life. Am I the asshole for not feeling bad for her when she's in the hospital even though she's technically family?"
985,"AITA For wanting my mom not to move my ex into the house? So I was dating this dude for a year or so. He wanted to move up north to go to university near me. I told him 3 months but he needed to find his own place. At the three-month mark my mom invited him to live there permanently. I kinda felt like I couldn't protest without consequences. Well another three months go by and the relationship goes sour I end it. In a sane world he would have taken his financially viable ass and moved out into his own place. Instead dude quits his job which let him support himself while going to school for a slightly better paying one. Only to quit that one because it wouldn't fit his college schedule. He moves in with my brother but now my brother wants to kick him out. My mom feels sorry for him and wants to bring him back to my house. He has a new job now. God knows if that will last. His side of the story is that his parents kicked him out for being gay and he says that there are no family or friends that can take him in that live near the university he wants to go to. I think the commute from his aunts house is about an hour but not all that bad. He has friends who would take him in if he was in a tight spot (like the one he got himself into. Mind you he financially destabilized himself the second I broke up with him.) who live closer to campus than I do. The only advantage of living with my family is social and physical proximity to me as far as I can tell. My mom feels sorry for him, my brother is getting sick of his shit like I am, and I'm stuck with this guy who six months after I broke up with him doesn't seem to be moving on. It makes me incredibly uncomfortable that this guy is still part of my life after all this time against my will. Am I the Asshole?"
986,"AITA for no longer supporting a creator on Patreon? For the past few months I've been one of the top supports for a particular animator on Patreon. It's not really financially responsible of me to donate as much as I did, but I really enjoyed their work and I was interested in the rewards, especially since they were exclusive to a limited number of people (five people, to be exact.) Well after months of waiting rewards never happened. The animator even eventually stopped adding the names of their supports (something they did for even the lower amount supports, like $10 per video or something). At first I thought it was because they had a couple official sponsors (anytime in the past a video was sponsored they would only mention that company, but Patreon supports would not be charged for that video). But that's not the case because they are both being sponsored AND using the Patreon funds. I've been charged for all of their recent videos. I know the point of supporting someone is to help them, not so I can be rewarded. But it was what made me decide to donate, because I don't exactly have a lot of money to just give away. Am I an asshole if I stop supporting them? Being one of the top tier supporters, they'll most certainly notice if I were to cancel (especially since there's only one other person in that tier)."
987,"AITA for telling my friend he needs to donate more in our clan? First things first, this sounds like the stupidest shit ever, and I'm aware, but I need a second opinion. So, in Clash of Clans, there's clans and you can donate to your clanmates when they request. Your ratio for the month is displayed on your profile. He had a bunch of receives and almost no donates, so I donated him the wrong troops on purpose. In the clan chat someone said ""who gave *friend* the wrong troops?"" I said ""It was me beeeiiitch"" or something. He texts me saying that I embarrassed him (people neither of us know irl) and that I'm not the donate police. He goes on to defend himself more and more until he's super pissed, I tried to make him even more mad by correcting his grammar and sending him some stupid picture and a snapchat of my face that said ""I know u luv me bb"". He ignored me all of yesterday, didn't talk to me once (very close friends), and so I texted him last night and said it's time to stop and that I won't do it anymore (although I'm not sorry). He said and I quote ""Say that you're sorry, you won't pull that shit anymore, and you won't act like you're above me in our friendship"". I said wtf and that I didn't do anything wrong, and he said he was done talking to me. I also have no idea what he means by above me in our friendship, I'm definitely not, he is. So, am I the asshole? I really don't think so, I have no idea why he's mad, it's fucking stupid. And I could post the whole convo here I guess if anybody wants it. Thanks. Edit: [Here's] the full convo"
988,"AITA for telling my friend they have to spend time with me? My friend is a courier, and drives around for a living. They often go to fun places like New York, the Beach, etc. And those trips usually only take a few hours. I like going on trips with them. They have a dog they usually take with them, but in the summer it's usually too hot for the dog to be in the car. So I ended up watching their dog from the end of June till the end of August. I watched their dog every day. To clarify, I didn't get paid at all for this (and it was the same situation last summer, too. I also had to deal with their personal drama, since their SO doesn't really like me, if they got home from work first I had to go upstairs and stay away from them until my friend got home) They said they owe me allot of good trips this fall, since I did so much for them this summer. Especially when they and their SO went to Canada and I stayed at their house with the dog for several days. But the only ""good"" trip we've been on was to the neighboring state for an hour, and that's it. Also, my friend runs a meetup group that I go to. But they kicked me out of the group after three years, because they decided I wasn't ""contributing"" to the group. This upset me, because since I've started college, sometimes that weekly meetup was my only chance in the whole week to get away from stress, and when I go so long with nonstop stress, I start to get panic attacks. My friend said it isn't an issue, because they said that I will hang out with them at least once a week (After I pointed out that they couldn't expect me to go through all the stress with school and my family nonstop and not have any panic attacks, which they recently said I'm not ""allowed"" to have anymore), and if that wasn't feasible then I could start coming back to the group. Edit: I don't think the issue is that my friend doesn't *want* to spend time with me, but I know they don't feel obligated to, and that they feel like they can issue promises when they want something and then fall back on them later However, they aren't following through with that promise. I told them that means I could come back to the group, and they got mad and said no. I reminded them both that they owed me, and that they made a promise. They responded ""Yeah, and everyday I choose whether or not to keep that promise"""
989,"AITA for being jealous of my friend's weight loss ... if it's due to being not able to afford food? I have been a lifelong fatty and am somewhat economically privileged, having majored in business at college. I have always been employed and have a good office job. Over the past couple of years I have lost a significant amount of weight - it was very difficult to get my BMI into the normal range. All my life, I've been very short and chubby in a family that tends toward taller and thinner. Yesterday I met up to chat with an acquaintance who is also a musician and he was talking about leaving one band for another, etc. I got jealous because he is around 5'11"" and around 120-130 lbs and I wanted to be that thin. But this guy is thin because outside of music, he is underemployed and food insecure. Am I a shallow, classist asshole for being jealous of his physique and thigh gap despite the fact that it is associated with poverty?"
990,"AITAH for explaining my views on a subreddit? Got banned from r/latestagecapitalism with the message ""Liberals are welcome to learn here. Capitalism should not be defended"" Here's my post: https://www.reddit.com/r/LateStageCapitalism/comments/5a2wj5/my_thoughts_on_capitalism_discussion_thread/ And here's the lovely conversation I had with one of their mods: http://i.imgur.com/T34f1sc.png Seriously curious if I'm the asshole here. To me, the internet is FOR free speech, and I'm not harassing anyone. The actual people on the sub didn't seem to mind my post, as it has positive karma. So is the mod being a dick? or am I?"
991,"AITA for cutting off a funeral procession? So there I was, driving down a two-lane street (one lane traveling in each direction separated by a double-yellow) when I come to a stop light. I want to turn left into a side-street. A large amount of opposing traffic is coming through as I'm sitting at the red. The red soon changes to a protected left arrow, so I begin to take my turn. There's a car that's approaching in the oncoming traffic lane with its hazard lights on. I thought that was a little weird but I kept taking my turn anyway. Then to my surprise, the car blew the red light and continued into the intersection. I basically had to lean on my horn, which caused the guy to stop. Now, this guy starts gesturing at me and I notice the ""funeral"" flag hanging from his rear view mirror. I start gesturing back because, guess what, my state (unlike some states) does not give the right of way to funeral processions. If you a blow a red light in a funeral procession you are just as guilty as if you blew it any other time. I proceeded through the intersection and on to my destination. I explained this to my friend, who called me an asshole. Her argument was that they were mourners and should get a pass. It doesn't happen often and so I should have just extended that courtesy. My argument was that hey, I was just obeying the traffic laws which we have for a good reason. Emergency vehicles can run red lights because they have loud sirens and lights, so you see it coming. Putting on your hazard lights having a little sign that says ""funeral"" (which I didn't notice until much later in the incident) is no substitute. I'm sorry that someone died but that's no excuse to blow a red light and endanger other people. You're driving a two-ton death machine, you need to follow the rules of the road. So am I an asshole for taking that left turn or what?"
992,"AITA for not cleaning the kitchen? So last weekend my parents threw a big party on Saturday and as a result the whole kitchen was a mess. Food left out on the tables, dishes in the sink and cups everywhere, it was a mess. My parents left for a little trip on Sunday and came back on Tuesday. During the time they were gone I was either in school most of the day or I was studying for exams. I washed the dishes and cleared the sink, the dishwasher and basically took care of all that stuff. I couldn't do much about the trash and food since the trash cans were completely full and I also hadn't been asked to do anything about it. I kind of thought they would take care of it when they came back. My brother who also lives here didn't contribute anything to helping out. I thought since I was the one taking care of the dogs and making sure the backyard was cleaned up(which is actually his chore) that I wouldn't have to clean any more of the kitchen. When my parents came home on Tuesday the first thing my dad says is, ""Didn't you do anything while we were gone??"" I was already pissed about this since I he's always complaining about people being in a bad mood when they walk in the house. Now he and my mom are giving me shit for not cleaning the entire kitchen. When I argued my points they just stormed off. About 2 hours later my mom comes into my room and she's pretty drunk and starts guilt tripping me about not cleaning the kitchen. After a bunch of yelling I started cleaning everything up, put the folding tables away, brought in furniture that was outside, brought stuff out that was inside and made it look like new again. I was just mad because I had already taken care of the dishes. My brother who was also at the party didn't help out with anything. But mostly because my parents threw a big party that they were so excited about and then went on vacation the next day and expected me to clean it all up. Ever since I've been getting crap from them about not doing anything around the house and how I need to start contributing more and doing stuff without being told or asked. So, AITA here?"
993,"AITA for being pissed about my sister taking ""my"" couch So a few weeks back my dad and I were driving through town when I noticed a very nice small sofa sitting out to the road. We pulled into the drive way, and I asked the owner of the house if we could have it. When they said they would be happy we loaded it into our vehicle and put it in our garage. My dad initially tried to sell it, but after some time with no calls he seemed to give up on the idea (I would also like to add that he said he would give me some of the profits if it sold for helping him). It was around then I mentioned that it would be cool to have it in my room. Being busy with school I put off making space for it. Then today I witnessed my sister getting help from my dad putting it in her room. Am I the asshole for wanting to confront my dad about just just letting my sister have the couch? Am I an asshole for feeling that I was entitled to that couch over my sister?"
994,"AITA: Is this a harmless prank or am I trolling harmfully IRL? On Saturday night I learned of a free punk rock show that my friend's band was playing at. As I approached the club, I realized I didn't have anyone to talk to because nobody I really knew who wasn't playing, was going. I am socially awkward and get along best with like weird people. really weird people. So I started talking to homeless people lurking in the gas station and invited them to the club. (I talk to homeless ppl regularly) They BYOBed malt liquors like St Ides, Old English and Crazy Stallions. My newly found friends picked plastic cups out of the garbage and drank malt liquor while I drank seltzer repeatedly because I don't drink beer. There was also no bouncer so one of the bums checked IDs and I keked. I'm not sure what the corkage fee was supposed to be though. It didn't become a controversy until 2 hours later when they walked outside and peed. The pee flowed down the street and there was a moat of pee forming in the gutter as if it had rained. I was like toppest of keks. However when I told my homie at band practice he was like yo you fucked up son never do that again. I thought that pranks were accepted in the rock music scene. AITA?"
995,"AITA For only going home for major holidays and birthdays with my 6 month old? I had a daughter in May. She's my and my husband's first child, the second grandchild on my side and the first on my husband's side. My husband and I live in a major city and our parents both live an hour and a half away in the suburbs. Shortly after I got home from the hospital with my daughter, my husband's family came in to visit. They haven't visited us since. My family has come a total of four times since May. Once because I bought them tickets to an event for their anniversary, the second time because it was my birthday, and the other times were ""just because"" visits. When I was on maternity leave, we visited my parents and my husband's parents a lot. Probably a total of 2-3 times a month, even though our daughter hates (HATES) the car. I started work a month ago. I see my daughter in the morning and at night for a few hours and obviously on weekends. Weekends are so special to me now and so we haven't visited our families in a month or so. The bottom line is, I really don't want to spend my weekend driving 3 hours round trip to visit my family. My daughter still hates the car, she cries almost the whole time, and she doesn't sleep well at either house. We are still planning to go home for upcoming holidays and birthdays, but for the last month I've been getting *insane* guilt from my family (not my husband's) about not visiting more often. I've explained that the road goes two ways but my Mom and Dad both hate driving into the city. I get that, but I hate driving 3 hours listening to my baby scream and cry. They keep telling me how sad they are that my daughter doesn't know them that well but I feel like it's not my fault. They're two adults who can sit in a car for 3 hours without crying, so I think they need to make more of an effort to visit if they want to get to know her. So I guess the question is, am I being too harsh? Am I the asshole?!"
996,"AITA: Am I a Jerk for Being Concerned for my Cat Hey all, I've been having a recent issue with my sibling. I apologize in advance for the wall of text. I'm a student who rents out a portion of my parents house. It's a pretty sweet deal, as I hand over only 25% of my income to them and have much better accommodations than typically available to a broke student and they can pay their bills. The house used to be a pseudo bed and breakfast, so we have plenty of space. We do share common areas, which is fine as we and our pets get along (my parent's dog and my cat). Unfortunately, my sister went through a recent break-up and had to drop off her dog at the house for a couple of months until she found dog-friendly lodgings of her own. She moved in with a friend of hers. I was fine with this as her dog is very sweet around people and, while he had a history of being rough with cats, had lived with one for two years without a problem. Just in case, I kept an eye on them and they got along very wonderfully for the first few weeks he was here. My mom was a bit less pleased, as it would be weeks before my sister could take back her dog. But, in these last two weeks he began to get aggressive with her. He bit her once on the head when she was sleeping on my lap and he was sitting next to me on the sofa. I told my sister about this and she said that her dog had a jealous streak and that I should be more careful. From then on, I and my parents kept the other animals from jumping on the couch if he was already up there and visa versa. He then started to suddenly chase her. If he got close to her during these chases he would growl and snap at her. I again talked to my sister about it. She said that she had no other place to put him, but that he rough housed with my parent's late cat and her own and neither were ever hurt. My parent's agreed that it was likely harmless and he was probably just startled to have a cat saddle up into his line of sight. I thought they weren't taking this seriously and so I told them then that if he did actually kill my cat because they neglected to prevent the dog from attacking her that I report both him and them to animal control. The law in my state and municipality states that a dog that kills another domestic animal is at risk of being euthanized or muzzled whenever outdoors, which would break my sister's heart. I told them that it wasn't a fair situation for either the dog or the cat and that we needed to be very careful. My mother said that it was just a cat and that I was cruel for"
997,"AITA for Speaking With the Manager Long story short, I had to call an urgent care office to ask they call the pharmacy I use and clarify the dosage written as it was illegible. The receptionist was nasty and hostile to me from the get go. I pointed out the pharmacy called for clarification two hours early and hasn't heard back. The receptionist refused to call the pharmacy and insisted no one called or left a message (untrue). She wouldn't budge even though it was the doctor's error. She insisted the pharmacy dealt with that kind of thing all the time and they should be able to read it. There was more exchanged in the same vein so use your imagination of just how ""pleasant"" she was. I ended up calling the pharmacy and getting the prescription situated. Btw: it's for a grade school aged year old girl writhing in pain from strep throat among other ailments. I just wanted to get her relief and here it is almost 1pm and 4 hours after she saw the doctor and no RX. So I called the doctor's office back and requested to speak to the office manager. I explained what happened and how I was treat, essentially ""tattling"" on her. Am I the asshole for speaking with the office manager about my customer service experience? Customer service 101: if you fuck up and a customers calls you out on it, you make it a priority to fix, am I right?"
998,AITA Comments for Female Soccer Dribbling Skills • /r/BetterEveryLoop
999,"AITA for not wanting to talk to my friend since she voted for Trump? I know it's petty but honestly, it pisses me off that someone so close to me would make such a stupid decision. I'm a woman of color and my grampa, who she loves, was an illegal immigrant from Mexico who came here to make a wonderful life for his children and grandchildren. My mom and my best friend, and her sister, is gay. It personally offends me that she voted for Trump and I just don't want to talk to her. Am I an asshole for it?"
1000,"AITA for being mad at my dad Yesterday was my birthday, and as you can imagine, it was swept over by politics. I'm okay with this, because it's something I've dealt with every 4 years, and at 22, I'm not going to get hurt because I wasn't the center of attention. I don't expect friends to remember as we all have our lives and 22 isn't exactly an important birthday. However, I do hold my parents to a different standard, since both of them have said that I was a huge part of their lives and they've always remembered. I feel like it's worth mentioning that my dad lives in PA due to them being divorced and I live in TX. I wake up late yesterday after a night out with friends, and I check my phone. Mom, mormor, cousin, and one of my closest friends had wished me a happy birthday. Get to dad's text, and he says his reaction to the election. Nothing else. It hurt a lot. I won't pretend I wasn't pretty broken up and spent an hour trying to compose myself to my normal happy self. So I go about my day, just relaxing and playing online with some friends, vented to my best friend, and generally felt better. I thought I was better, but I went out to eat with the family I have here and ran into a friend from high school. Enjoy the dinner, enjoy the family time, head home. The friend who had been the waiter took the time to message me a happy birthday on Facebook. Then I got pissed at my dad. He always had appeared to place me before things like politics and religion, and I had defended him when my mom and grandma had said things about him. But if someone whose got 4 tables to take care of can find the time to wish a happy birthday to someone who they haven't talked to in 4 years, why couldn't my dad? He's retired. He had the time to text me about the election. It validated, in my head, a lot of the things my mom and grandma had said about my dad. That he had willfully given up custody of me. That he hadn't tried to keep me. That he didn't believe I was his kid when I was first born. I played back a lot of conversations with my dad from when I still visited him 2-3 times a year. Conversations about child support money if I lived with him. But today, I'm realizing that maybe I shouldn't be mad at him for it. He was really involved with this election, and maybe it swept him up. I remembered he's had some medical issues. Maybe I shouldn't take one example, cast all past conversations in that light, and completely flip my opinion. One friend said it wasn't really a dad thing to do anyway, and that I was being kind of unreasonable. I haven't talked to him, because of the hurt, getting wrapped up with other stuff,"
1001,"AITA in my friend group? I've been friends with this one person for a long time, we were best friends for awhile (5+ years). Eventually, we had a disconnect and got tired of each other. I was a bit too clingy and got tired of putting all of my energy Ito hanging out with him, so I tried to find new friends. This happened over the span of two years. We have kept in mild contact for the past year, and I've met some of the people in his group that he found. I never really found my own group, and we have similar interests. I decided that I would want to become friends with all of the people in this group. Things started off smoothly, and eventually I got invited to play some tabletop games with the one friend and two others. I have a very competitive personality, and naturally I started to tilt a little bit when things started to not go my way. They focused on me and left me there for an hour while I watched them play and twiddled my thumbs. This spectating eventually devolved into an argument between them and me, with them telling me that I was taking too long on my turns and they basically told me not to play in the style that I like to play in, and me telling them that they shouldn't have focused on me (I was probably the asshole here, due to my boisterous behavior during the game). Fast forward a few months. I have been talking with them, but I feel like I am the one to initiate conversation, rather than them talking to me (except for one, whom tries to include everyone, and likes my sense of humor). I also feel awkward during the conversations I start, because I feel like I am talking at them instead of with them, just making statements and asking sum questions in a feeble attempt to start a discussion. I have tried to get me and others in the group together to go out somewhere, but they always say that they have plans. One even invited another to a movie right by me and didn't ask if I was interested even when I expressed my interest in seeing that movie. I think one of my problems is that I don't involve myself in that group enough, but nobody wants to starter a conversation when I'm there. I'm usually very loud, but I can't tell because of a slight hearing problem that I've lacked to mention to them as well as my slightly different, more immature sense of humor than them (I still have my moments though, where they all pat me on the back, dying of laughter after a witty remark I said). But some of them find me annoying with my constant dumb questions 50% of the time. Another problem is that I am not really cemented in any group. In that year or so after me and my first friend got tired of each other, I floated between"
1002,"AITA in this conversation with this condescending guy? ""JPaolo"" https://www.reddit.com/r/vexillology/comments/5ckeoo/oc_flag_of_the_african_union_a_country/"
1003,AITA for trying to voice my perspective as to why I'm not a feminist?
1004,"AITA for trying to keep my son from getting his own poop all over himself? This morning, I was changing my son in the presence of my wife as we prepared to leave. We carpool to daycare, she works on a college campus, and I attend law school on the same campus, so we're together every morning and afternoon. Things were okay. I had gone to take a shower earlier, and generally she would have changed him during that time, but that's nothing, really. As I was changing the kid, he reached down and grabbed the diaper and tugged on it. I said ""Hey!"" in the same manner I scold the cats - habit really. If I hadn't immediately stopped him, the kid would've wound up with about half a cup of baby shit smeared up his side, and we would have had to change him and wipe him down. I caught unholy hell for scolding the kid this way, from the changing table, through the rest of our preparations to leave, and through the morning commute. She even threw the kid's coat at me because I mistakenly thought it was in the closet, when it was in fact in the car. I refused to be brow-beaten, and stood my ground, which resulted in more acrimonious vituperation. I admit, I often get defensive when I'm attacked like this. I don't think either of us deserves to be treated that way, and I don't think either of us is entitled to treat the other that way. I generally shut my mouth to avoid saying mean things out of impulse, and try to suppress emotional reactions. Getting emotional has never helped in the past, and my wife says she can't handle all that stuff right now, anyway. She just tells me to talk to a professional about it. She has her own stressors - she puts the kid to bed each night, works as a secretary full time, and she's had some kidney stone issues the last week or two. They're being treated, and are not excruciating as such things often can be. Still, it's causing her discomfort and intermittent moderate pain. I do not know if that was happening this morning. After defending myself and 100% disagreeing about what the appropriate course of action would be, I brought up old arguments during the fight. They're personal, but have to do with the way we each see things, and each other. I felt it was on-point, but she felt I was blaming her for my own failings. In prior discussions, she has just kind of refused to address these things, because, as mentioned, she doesn't feel she can deal with it right now. I have a lot of stress from full time law school, planning and cooking dinner for us all (she and the kid are both pretty picky), doing diaper laundry and adult laundry (she folds more than I do), and cleaning the apartment after she goes to bed to put the kid down. I usually get done with readings for the night"
1005,"AITA for asking my co-worker to not use her desk fan anymore? Our office hired a new lady. This is an older lady, probably in the mid 60s. After working with us for a couple weeks she asked me if I would mind it if she brought her desk fan because she often felt warm or even hot. We've never had anyone complain about being hot but everybody is different so I told her I had no problem with it. Well, this fan turned out to be a small little plastic piece of crap that rattles and whines all day long and also resonates onto our half-wall-divided desk. I can only assume that due to her age she doesn't hear this rattling and whining. This was annoying, but I figured I could get past it and hopefully have it drown out as ""white noise"". So the other thing that comes into play here, I started having pretty bad headaches around the time she brought this fan to work. I attributed this to the recent high work load and stress that I've had to deal with so I didn't make the connection. So after weeks of headaches, one day she was out for a doctors appointment or something and I had no headache whatsoever, and as you guessed it, the next day she came back and the headaches came back. I am apparently fairly sensitive to annoying background sound and it messes with my head. So I explain the situation to her and asked her if she would mind not using the fan anymore (even though I had initially agreed with it) and if she were to get hot we could possibly reduce the AC temperature by a degree or so to still keep her comfortable (of course without freezing other people). She agreed, but... hasn't said a word to me since. No good mornings, no small talk, nothing. She has put effort into avoiding me, asking questions on how to do stuff to everybody but me. Am I The Asshole here?"
1006,"AITA for not paying for my coworker's lawyer Recently my friends and I in college got caught smoking marijuana. We were parked in an area smoking my coworker's marijuana, and the cops rolled up behind us. To make a long story short. The driver let the cop search the car, and they found my coworker's bag with marijuana in it. Both the driver and my coworker were charged with possession of marijuana. Now that they got their tickets my coworker had to hire a lawyer to fight it. Now she is expecting that everyone in the car help pay for her lawyer costs. I'm fine paying for the marijuana I smoked, but it isn't my fault that she got caught with marijuana. I'll probably end up paying for it since I value our relationship. But I can't help but feel like I have no obligation to help pay."
1007,"AITA Me [19F] with my boyfriend [21 M] of 3 years, Want him to replace damaged item but he refuses and calls me petty (X-POSTED) We adopted a dog a month ago and he has very bad seperation anxiety. We found this out after we left him outside the cage on two different occasions while we were gone. The first time he chewed his harness and damaged it, still usable for walks, and the second time he damaged the blinds, chewed his harness some more, and chewed my shoe up. After these incidents, we put him in the cage when we leave. Up until today, I was always the one who locked him up since it is either me leaving alone or both of us leaving at the same time. He has never needed to put him in the cage when we leave since I've always been home when he leaves. I was out running errands and he put the dog in the cage before leaving for work. He left the leash, his walking harness, and the new clickit sport harness I JUST received in the mail yesterday on top of the wired cage. The clickit sport harness is one of the two harness approved and crash tested to provide the dog the safety of a seat belt in the case of an accident. When I come home the clickit sport harness is chewed through and not usable for seat belt use, maybe usable for walking but the left strap is chewed through 75% of the way. This causes me to have a breakdown, I try calling him but he isn't able to talk so I IM him in hysterics. After a conversation he says he shouldn't have to replace it since he doesn't have the money to and I put his earbuds through the wash and destroyed them months and months ago so we should be even since I didn't replace his earbuds. He never asked me to replace the earbuds when it happened. I told him I didn't want to replace his earbuds since it is immature and vindictive that he is demanding this now and responds that he thinks it is ridiculous to ask for someone to pay for something because of an accident... He says I should get over it since he did. I also told him the harness could cause our dog to live or die in an accident and he glossed over it and continued ranting about his headphones... I contacted the company for a replacement already but if they do not want to replace it, I want him to. --- **tl;dr**: Am I an ""ass"" and ""petty"" (his words) for wanting him to replace the $70 harness the dog chewed through?"
1008,"AITA for always being home on weeknights? So, I moved in with a friend's girlfriend. I saw them at a wedding and when they heard that I was looking for an apartment in their city they suggested that I should move in with her. My friend temporarily works a few hours away and is only home on weekends. The deal would be that the girlfriend and I would each pay half the rent and that my friend (her boyfriend) would pay the utilities. Anyway, I work a regular 8:30-6 type job m-f and she works 11-7 thurs-mon. I tend to keep busy on the weekends (I've only even slept at home about 1/3 of the weekend nights that I've lived here), but during the week I tend to just come home, watch some tv, smoke a bowl, eat dinner and go to bed. She's very upset that whenever she gets home from work I'm there, on the couch. I almost always offer her control of the television, but she usually declines. The weed smoking also bothers her some, even though she smokes some herself and I've been a daily smoker as long as I've known either of them. She's also upset that I've put some of my kitchen equipment in the kitchen alongside hers. There's room, and I have some quality stuff that I'd hate to give up using, but according to her it's her house and only her stuff should be in there. I kind of feel like we split the rent so it's more ""our"" house, but I was just informed I was incorrect about that fact. I know I bug her some, so I try to do some extra cleaning and walk her dog for her and stuff to make up for it, but she still finds me intolerable. I don't know... Maybe I'm the asshole. TL:DR: I don't go out much on work nights. Am I the asshole?"
1009,"AITA for asking my mom for a gift receipt? We celebrated our baby's 100th day (common in our culture) with a banquet style dinner this weekend. My mom gave her a snowsuit, but my mother in law already previously bought us one. I also previously sent a picture of my daughter in the first snowsuit to my mom because I thought it was cute. Maybe she already bought the gift then but didn't mention it when giving it to us. Since we won't get much use out of a second snowsuit I asked my mom if she had the receipt so we could exchange for something else. She said no, that it was a final sale. I said thanks and asked in the future if she could please include a gift receipt or ask what we need so our daughter actually gets use of it. Am I an asshole for asking this? If you think so I'd appreciate if you suggest a different way of communicating with my mom or if you think I shouldn't have asked at all. Link to our conversation is below thx! http://imgur.com/a/f3t9Q Some other details: we've been doing family Christmas gift exchange since I moved out. Last year she gave my wife's 5 year old nephew a hoodie that was too small and wouldn't fit and I asked her if she had a receipt and she said no. We received a pair of scissors from her and when I looked online, I saw it being sold for $120 on amazon. We already had 4 pairs of scissors at home including two for meat and sharp fabric scissors so that gift is sitting unused in the basement. When we moved to our new house she bought us one black bar stool. That is also sitting unused in the basement."
1010,"AITA Me (32F) with an acquiantance (M?) - he gave off a real weird vibe and I ghosted him Small update - thank you all so much for taking the time to comment on my question. You've given me a lot of insight and have managed to set my mind at ease a bit. I've decided to stay invisible and have blocked several ways he could use to communicate with me. I will also sit down my husband tonight and tell him what's been going on so we can team up on this together. ----------------------------------------------------- Posted this before on r/Relationships but was advised to post here by mods. So I am changing a lot of details, since I have no idea whether this guy frequents Reddit. He just now contacted me again through a social media channel. Somewhere in the spring this acquaintance on Facebook contacts me. We both post around in the same sports-based community, it's a small world, we sometimes like each others posts on Facebook and Instagram, you get the drift. He dm's me on Facebook asking if I live in the neighborhood. I do. We apparently live in the same city, and in the same largish neighborhood. I am reluctant to tell this guy where I live cause I don't know him and I don't want some random guy to be able to pinpoint me in the city. So i vaguely answer. Over time we get a little more acquainted and start talking some on Facebook. I agree to meet up with him for a couple of sports-related events (3 times in total I think?) and I went to his house once to help him with some computer related issues. Mind you, we are both married. I'm looking for a sports-buddy, nothing more. He's kind of weird. For instance, he starts to like all the posts my best friend makes on instagram. She comes to me asking who this guy is. We both thought it pretty weird that he would start liking random mundane pics by someone he's never even met and who is not part of the same sports-community he and I share. Next to that, he's kind of clingy. If I don't talk to him for two days on FB (hey, I've got a busy job, a husband, lots of close friends) he starts asking what he did wrong. He jumps me literally every time I am online on Facebook, so much so that I disable my messenger because it starts to feel uncomfortable. One time when I was sick and he had a race, he texted me with a message along the lines of ""well, it's SO wonderful of you to ask me about how my day went!"" - which of course I hadn't cause i was in bed, sick. I thought that was really weird - attentionwhorish. If I want to know how things went, I'll ask - at a time when I'm feeling well. When I called him out about it, he said it was a joke. I wasn't so sure. In the"
1011,"AITA for wiping my dog's drool back on him when he licks my arm? I feel like such a pompous jerk when I do this (esp. if people are watching), but it's not really all that different from him licking himself if you think about it..."
1012,"AITA I think I broke up my best friend's relationship an hour ago. Prepare yourself. This is long I moved to a new city 2.5 years ago. Ive been bugging my best friend, lets call him Jake, to come visit me and we can catch up. Jake started to date someone a year after I moved and we are going to call her Rachel. I didn't like her because I heard she had a history of cheating on her previous boyfriend from a couple of people. I tell Jake that I don't like Rachel but he never asked why and I never told him. Now this is Jake's first relationship because he is very shy and never talks to anyone. Jake starts to tell me that Rachel is crazy and she sometimes has mood swings. He tells me what happens to cause her to get mad and It sounds like he is in the wrong. I tell Jake that he should break up with Rachel but he doesn't ever say anything. Finally 2 months ago Jake tells me that he going to come up and visit me in October. The day before he comes up he tells me that he is bringing Rachel. I get annoyed but hey I get to see Jake. Jake comes the next with Rachel and we go get lunch and we go out to a mall to walk and talk. Everything is going great Rachel actually isn't bad. Fast forward to that night and we are taking shots at my house to pre-game for a club that we are going to later. We end up finishing a bottle of medium sized bottle of Jager and Rachel is drunk (Jake said she could wasn't a light weight). Rachel starts asking me why I hate her and why I told Jake to break up with her. I told her that Ive heard for a couple of people that she cheated on her previous boyfriend a lot of times. She then has this face like she is annoyed. She goes on to say that her previous boyfriend was one of the biggest liars she ever knew. He went and spread rumors that she cheated on him when in reality it was the opposite. She goes to show me some messages that she screen shotted with her telling off her EX saying how she can't believe he said that she was the cheater and his responds was just ""Ha"". So after that I began to apologize and say I shouldn't listen to what other people say. She forgave me because she would've done the same with her friend. We end up going to the club with a friend of mine who we are going to call Marcus. By the time we get to the club Rachel was very drunk, we shouldn't have even gone but oh well. When we are inside Jake ends up going to the bathroom and Marcus and I are left to make sure Rachel drinks water and doesn't get too crazy. Jake is gone for a while"
1013,"AITA for leaving my girlfriend's apartment when she was upset Recently (over the past month or two) my girlfriend's mother has been in poor health (cancer, but it's relatively under control and she's going through chemo and surgeries). Tonight that, a friend's family member dying, and pain from period really hit her hard. She was crying and upset. I walked her home and we hung out in her apartment where she confessed that these things have been hitting her hard today. I tried my best to support her (we pretty much cuddled and talked about it the entire time). I was there from about 11-11:30 PM to 3:15-3:30 am. At around 3:05 she told me I could leave if I want (as I wasn't feeling particularly well). She said this a few times over the course of the night. I said nah and said I'd stay for a little longer. At around 3:20-3:30 I started feeling really sick and mentioned that it was getting late and I should be going. She told me she'd be fine and that she was doing better. She acted a little sad at me leaving but was ultimately like ""alright"". Because she seemed sad about it I asked her if she wants me to stay, she said ""well if you're not feeling well you should go"". Since I was feeling pretty sick (almost on the verge of throwing up), I left. I made the same offer to stay multiple times before I actually left. I get home, we talk a little bit. She seems to be doing alright (talking a lot about a music she's listening to but doesn't like). I say I need to rest and we part by saying ""I love you"" on Skype. I go to rest and start playing a game. 40 minutes later she deletes the ""I love you"" message she sent me on Skype and sent me an angry ""goodnight"" message. I asked what that was about, and we got into an argument. Her argument was basically ""I needed you and you weren't there for me, you left me while I was sad, you don't care about me at all"", in much harsher language My argument to that was basically ""You told me I could go, I wasn't feeling well, and I offered to stay if you needed me and you declined"" I feel like I've done my best to support her, been spending a lot of time with her, talking and reassuring her throughout the whole situation. The one big thing that irks me here is that she told me I could go, then got mad at me for going. She defended this by saying ""It was just a comment"", which is complete bullshit in my opinion. But she still seems pretty adamant that I'm the asshole for leaving when she told me I could multiple times and I wasn't feeling very well. I understand she's going through a tough time but I did spend the past 4-4.5 hours supporting her and I wasn't feeling well."
1014,"AITA my friend posted a gofundme with no context and i said it looks like a scam/grift. I mean i guess i should just give money or STFU or is it ok to question a charities authenticity. Gofundme is for aussie single mother in australia, due to public Healthcare out of pocket cost is extremely managable."
1015,"AITA in this messy conversation with my SO? Hey folks, so this happened moments ago. For reference I'm a transgender woman in a long distance relationship with someone that identifies as gender-fluid. To boil things down, I've always felt insecure about my body, and whenever I do I try to tell my SO. Today in particular I was bummed out about how I would never be a truly ""normal"" woman, including getting married to a man and having children as most do. This is fairly common for me, it's something I just can't help but think about at times. Anyway, I told my SO to just let them know I was feeling a bit upset, to which they said ""Well, you're not getting a husband out of me."" before going on to say that I bring this up all the time, and that it makes him feel like he is unsatisfactory to me. I get that, so I apologized, yet he kept going on about how ""You only get one chance with me."" and about how he is a ""catch and I know it."" Eventually mentioning it isn't wise to go chasing a dream scenario without recognizing what you have in front of you. I felt like I was being guilt tripped into staying into our relationship if I'm honest, like they took it that I was getting ready to break up with them and was trying to save face. (I wasn't.) I'm I the asshole here? I feel like I am in a way, I do bring up the fact that I wish I could be a normal woman with a husband, all while knowing good and well that my SO has similar gender issues. But at the same time, I feel like my SO's reaction was completely unwarranted."
1016,"AITA for being annoyed that my friend didn't thank me for his present, even though I walked out of the party? **TL;DR I bought a book for an old friend I haven't seen in seven years. Felt very uncomfortable at the party because everyone else kept to themselves and when he still hadn't arrived after 50 minutes, I left. He texted me asking me to leave the book with the bartender so I did, and he has not thanked me or said anything to me since. Am I an asshole for being annoyed?** I have an old high school friend, Michael, that I haven't seen since graduation seven years ago. We've spoken a handful of times on Facebook. Two months ago he sent me an invite to his birthday party which he was holding in a student bar. The invite list included a lot of old high school people (a snobby group I never really got along with) and I didn't really want to go because that + student bar for a 25th birthday made me feel like we were trapped in the past and never changing, if you get what I mean. I still wanted to see Michael and introduce my boyfriend to some people from my past so I let him know we'd be there for an hour. Michael says sweet. I tell him I'm getting him a present whether he likes it or not (I knew he'd be polite and say no) so he might as well give me an idea of something he likes so the money isn't wasted. He asks for a book, and after some questions, I pick one out that I think he'd love (Ready Player One by Ernest Cline). The birthday party was last weekend at 8pm. I live 25km from the bar. I arrived there with my boyfriend, walk into the bar and find that it's completely empty except for a large group of people sitting at a table/booth with no spare seats, all laughing loudly and shooting us sideways smirks. Feels very high school. I'm fairly sure they're his friends but I don't know for certain. Anyway. I text Michael and he sends me a couple ""I'm nearly there, sorry I'm late"". 50 minutes pass with the other group still shooting us looks and it's clear Michael is nowhere near here. I am sick of this (it was a student bar so really dark and shitty) so I tell him ""I gotta duck off in ten mins bro"" and he texts me "" I understand and I am so sorry"" and ""please feel free to leave the book with the bartender"" and ""I will grab it and send a photo to you"". I'd been planning on taking the book with me and giving it to someone else but when I got that text we left it with the bartender and drove back home. It's been five days and Michael has not messaged me anything since. Things to note: * I've talked to him like three times over seven years through text, so"
1017,AITA for not eating anything at thanksgiving dinner? I'm vegetarian. I'm perfectly happy having corn and mashed potatoes without a meat or meat substitute. I don't push my choice on anyone. My MIL (who has voiced her negative opinions on my choice) put meat in everything and chicken broth in the potatoes. I opted out of eating at all. My husband said I was being rude. Am I the asshole? Update: Husband said he feels bad about what he said and is upset with his parents for rejecting me like that. He doesn't know where his relationship will stand with them. But I told him I would respect his decision to continue to see them if he wanted to but I will have no part of it.
1018,"AITA for not letting my sister drive high? I'm new to reddit, I think this is my first post. My sister is 16 and smoked my weed from my vaporizer and then wants to drive around high on Black Friday. Am I the ass hole for telling her no and that Ill tell our parents if she leaves the house? I just don't want her to get in trouble or worse off hurt."
1019,"AITA For thinking my sisters boyfriend shouldn't be able to go to thanksgiving. My sister and mother invited her boyfriend to come to thanksgiving dinner with my mothers side of the family. My sisters boyfriend has had charges pressed on him for assaulting an ex girlfriend, and his own mother has told adult protective services he makes her feel unsafe. On top of that he's cheated on my sister (I even told her he was WITH PROOF, and he said I was just a liar, and my sister believed him saying I was just jealous of their relationship, so now this man both hates and has a grudge against me), and abuses his pain medication to get high. My family sees nothing wrong with him because he ""puts on a good face"" around them and acts completely sweet and spoiling to my mother (Who is basically a narcissist so anyone who thinks she's good can do no wrong) I do not feel safe at all around this man as a young woman myself, and I do not feel at all safe bringing my young son around him either. My mother and sister know that I don't like this man or feel safe around him and yet they brought him anyways in complete disregard. My sister and this man have been dating /less than a year/ but they were friends at ages 12-14, however he left town and was gone for a very long time, they are around thirty now and my family doesn't seem to realize people change, but because they were friends during childhood my family thinks that makes him safe. I do not. Me and my son rarely get to see my little cousins and my aunties who we both love and miss very much, but because of this man being there I'm refusing to go even though we're ""invited"". I think it's extremely unfair that me and my son are being penalized because my sister wants to bring her boyfriend. These family members are mine and my sons, not his. I don't think it's fair or reasonable that someone who is almost a stranger should be put before actual family. Yet everyone seems to think that I'm being the unreasonable one for not wanting to go, even though I think my reasons are very good ones. In my opinion I think if my sister wants to spend the holiday with her boyfriend she should go spend it with his family. I don't think that me and my son should be the ones who have to be excluded. It's not a petty reason like ""I just don't like him"" (although I really really do not) it's that mostly I don't want this man around my child when he has a history of violence and substance abuse. I don't think that I should have to feel unsafe or uncomfortable around my own family for someone who isn't even related to us. According to them I have the ""option"" to go, but I don't feel like I'm being given a choice at"
1020,AITA for not wanting to let my gambling addict friend stay at my place? I have a friend who is supposed to be moving in together with me. He has a gambling problem and spent all his money for the house we are renting. He told me to rent a one bedroom apartment and asked if he could stay there for a while until he has money again to move out. I declined politely by saying I need some privacy. He already borrowed a lot of money from me and has trouble paying it back. He then told his friends about the 'privacy' thing and everyone is probably making fun of me for being selfish. AM I THE ASSHOLE?!
1021,"AITA for thinking it is up to the other person to let me know if plans have changed? For context I go to college every Wednesday and Thursday, I have an agreement with my Ex and one of our friends that she, the ex, picks me up and I pay for the parking. I have also offered to pay for petrol but she refused my offer. Cut to today, every Wednesday since the beginning of the course, in September, I have always been picked up at 12, to be in the college for 1. But Today, ten minutes ago in fact at the time of writing this, nothing happened. I called her and she says that she isn't picking me up until 3 in the afternoon. I got mad at her for not letting me know, she got mad at me for not asking about it. But the thing is, I had no reason to, I had no reason to suspect that today was different. So, am the asshole for thinking the onus is on her to let me know?"
1022,"AITA if I call in sick when I'm not sick? Usually I would say yes but hear me out. I'm a manager in a retail store. I was really sick last month and was not ""allowed"" to use my sick days. Like I didn't need to go to the doctor I needed rest. I was in excruciating pain. Finally I had a weekend off and felt better. I was nearly in tears at work but we were short people and yes I could have said ""I'm not coming in"" but I would have dicked everyone over and my boss would have given me a hard time. When I mentioned I wanted to use a sick day when I was sick, he got mad so I just worked through it. Now we are no longer understaffed and I just don't want to work tomorrow but I've only taken 2 sick days this year. Is that too many? Is that shitty? It's a day where I'm not essential though"
1023,"AITA for teasing my friend Hey there, I really appreciate you letting me know if IATA! Ok so here's the situation. Yesterday at work, me and my small group of work friends were having lunch. My (F26 white non-religious) good friend (F26 white non-religious) started going off about how much she hates Christmas, because it's racist and exclusive and unfair, et cetera. Personally, I do not think Christmas is racist. I will admit that it's unfair that most Christian holidays are Canada's federal holidays, but whatareyougonnado. Really I think no religious holidays should be federal holidays, and we should just get extra Vacation time in lieu. Also worth noting that I am really trying to get into the Christmas ""spirit"" because of how dark and dreary the days are getting. I mainly see Christmas as a celebration with lights and decorations and being with those you love. My bf and I have planned a week long holiday to New York for Christmas and I'm very excited. She knows all this. This isn't the first time in the last couple weeks that she's ranted a little about Christmas' racism and exclusion. Over the weekend, I had sent her a bunch of pictures of my cat in a cute reindeer sweater. She had responded positively with ""CHRISTMAS BABY!"" So when she was ranting I smiled and was like ""haha, you can't hate Christmas thaaaaat much when my kitties are so cute in their Christmas sweaters!"" she kind of laughed and was like ""yeah, no I hate Christmas."" Ok, fine, whatever. I didn't think anything of it. It didn't feel like a negative interaction to me. But I guess I really struck a nerve, because about an hour later she sent me an instant message basically saying ""I can hate Christmas and all the racist things about it and still like pictures of cats,"" but longer. I couldn't think of anything to say so I just didn't reply. Like, ok? Yes? Of course you can? I was just teasing... It wasn't like I was roasting her loudly in front of all our friends, it was just a quiet smiling prod, like we do sometimes. Anyway, she hasn't talked to me since. I'm hesitant to say anything as I feel alienated. AITA?"
1024,"AITA for only wanting to give my Secret Santa giftee stuff for their cat? After researching their post history, my reddit Secret Santa match seems to be kind of a troll/jerk. Does it make me an asshole to bypass buying something for them and just send a box of goodies for their pet? Edit: Thanks for all the insight! I'll think mull it over for a bit, but keep the cat-toy-box and the donation ideas in my back pocket! I appreciate all the help!"
1025,"AITA for going on a cruise as the co-director for my short film? I co-directed a short film over a year ago and had a terrible time working with my team. I put a lot of effort in and of course being a director, was called overbearing (I wanted to make sure I put in enough work, so I could prove to them that they made a good choice in picking me as the director, and that came across as overbearing). I didn't get negative feedback during production, but instead got it 3 months later when I couldn't do anything about it. The editor was apparently harboring a mad resentment against me the whole time. Since the team debrief, I've been the only one working to get the film distributed, and paying festival submission fees myself. Nobody else on the team has devoted any time to promote the film. The film was recently accepted to a festival that happens on a cruise... All expenses paid for a single person. The special thing about this festival: it's a chance to workshop your film with a boatload of other filmmakers and industry professionals. I hope to turn the short film into a feature-length film, so this is a unique opportunity I feel would be wasted on anyone else from the team. I plan to write the team an email to let them know it's happening but that I'm the only one going. TL;DR: I'm screening my film on a cruise and not offering the opportunity to anyone else on my film team."
1026,AITA For not accepting part of my fathers birthday gift to me. He wanted give me $100 for my birthday today and I only took $60 and gave him back $40 saying that he needs it more then I do right now (A new sticker for his work truck). I thought about this a while later and I feel like I hurt him by saying that your son knows that you are strap for cash and he refused your gift for his birthday so that you could use it.
1027,"AITA for giving a bad reference? To be clear, I'm more advising my husband on this one. But he doesn't use reddit, so I'm doing it for him A woman (Sarah) that used to be our friend just contacted my husband and asked if she could use him as a reference. Our friendship with her/her family ended awkwardly because of two things. 1). Sarah worked for us, briefly. We had to fire her because she is freaking flaky, and she called off 40-50% of the time. 2). Sarah had a one sided flirting thing with my husband. It escalated over time but included A) texting my husband they should run away together. (She claimed that her husband sent this. It would be ridiculously out of character for him) B) She confided personal issues between her and her husband, but only if neither her husband nor I was present. C) She engineered a situation where my husband would see her naked. Like, she called to ask for help, my husband says he was on his way, he knocked on her door, she said ""come in"", and she was topless pretending she was just getting changed and he caught her off guard D) she invited him over for ""game night"" (usually with her husband and his friends), and she turned out to be the only one there. In addition to what we know from our personal interactions we know a lot more about her. She flies through jobs like water. Her behavior has gotten her husband fired from at least two jobs. She has stalked/came onto more guys than just my husband. She doesn't know all the details about why our friendship ended, because my husband likes/feels sorry for HER husband. But she knows it did not end well. I think, if she is desperate enough to reach out to us for a reference, she deserves what she gets. My husband should fill out the reference and save some employer from a REALLY bad choice. (She's one of those ones who would interview well, but screw a place over). My husband isn't sure if that's an asshole move. He thinks he should just politely decline. I think it's an asshole move to let some poor hiring manager get screwed over by her. So what do you think, who's the asshole here?"
1028,"AITA For wanting to turn project in late? Hello! To preface this, there's around 2 weeks left in the semester (including finals week) and I'm a senior in high school. Throughout the school year, my attendance has been dreadful due to medical reasons. I've averaged missing more days than I've attended, and this has made it difficult to keep up with all my classes. (I have 8 classes because I need credits, average is 6) The medical reasons have been legitimized through the school, and I've been put on an accommodation program. Throughout the semester, one class that has been particularly difficult for me to keep up with has been Yoga, believe it or not. A large portion comes from participation, and my not being there nets me very few points. The teacher has said that I have to make up those points, and she won't waive them as it would be unfair to the other students. This means making up participation through after school weight lifting, or 3rd party yoga classes. These are really hard for me to attend, though, as I don't have a lot of free time on my hands. My time after school goes towards making up tests and quizzes I've missed in other classes 90% of the time. This means the project in question is important, a large portion of my grade may rest on it - as well as the gym credit I need to graduate. The project in question was assigned at the very beginning of the year, at the introduction to the class. It was described as a ""turn in whenever you want before the end of the semester"" type of deal. I've completely spaced said project, and found it was due the day I came back after an absence spree. I asked the teacher if I could turn it in the very next day, to which she responded it was too late. The project isn't very hard, and I don't believe it would take me very long. I always give my 100% in class, and haven't missed a participation point when present. The ""project"" I've been talking about is as simple as taking a before/after picture of cleaning my room and writing a paragraph about it, or doing something similar. I just feel like I spaced this project because I have a ton going on. I've kind of placed yoga low on the priority list as I have much more difficult classes, and tasks (applying to college) that I've needed to take care of. At the same time though, this project was assigned at the beginning of the year. I had a lot of time to complete this, and at the end of the day I didn't get a super simple project done in the span of months. I 100% see where she's coming from. I'd like to potentially ask her once more if there's any exception she could make. Is this a bad move? Am I in the wrong? Thank you very much."
1029,"AITA: Not Putting Up With Procrastination For College Group Project Hi all, I think this is the right sub to ask this question? ***TL;DR at the bottom*** Situation: Online class group project originally due Nov 21 and then pushed later to Dec 5 by professor. It's a virtual team. We all had group assignments since start of the semester (late Aug) to create a power point slide. So we pretty much had 3-months to work on a 10-slide power point. No one stepped up to be leader, so I went ahead and created the outline and established soft deadlines for the rest of the team. No one challenged, in fact, received compliments from others for taking the lead on this. No big deal here, I just knew it had to be done and this was the first step to get the project in motion. By the time the professor extended the deadline, we dropped to 4-students. Still taking the lead role, everyone had their own original slides and those who finished early picked up for the others that dropped out. The soft deadline for the team was Wed Nov 30th. This would allow me some time to get everything done by the weekend Dec 3rd & 4th since I work full time too. This also gave a few buffer-days to allow others any extra time in case they needed it. The weekend provided me for some room for adjustments, final touches on formatting, and finally, to submit the completed project first thing on the 5th. It was very clear on the goal since everyone else had no problem with it and everyone was responsive with their tasks and what they needed to get it done. However, one student didn't respond to any emails, so I assumed she was going to drop out. I went ahead and did her slides on Dec 4th morning and actually wrapped everything up that I sent it off for grading that afternoon. The rest of the team was good with that. Now later that night, 1030pm (project is due Monday), I get an email out of the blue with her slide (which I already finalized in the day) and it was pathetic. Her work was just a couple bullet points pulled at the last minute. The slide I had done for her was more comprehensive and had ""meat on it"" that stayed true with the project. I went ahead followed up to the professor with an additional email/attachment for her work (so she could get credit on something). I responded to the tardy team member, to check with the professor so her work can be considered even though the project was emailed already; I also mentioned that it's unfortunate that she didn't at least send me a heads up that she's working on her slide. She then had the nerve to ask me to send her the project (which was already completed and sent for grading) so she could add her slide to it and resubmit it since it's still within the Dec 5th deadline. So there"
1030,"AITA for being annoyed at my dad So I'm 17 and living with my dad who's 70. He's got some very old school views and he can sometimes be very misogynistic. Example being that today someone told us that this girl we both know happens to be lesbian and he said ""Wow I'm surprised that shes a carpet muncher, what a waste."" He said this right in front of the girl that told us this and I was horribly embarrassed. It only gets worse when he drinks and when he does he will cat call at women and just be rude. Whenever he does this I get clearly embarrassed and upset and when he says things like ""Wow she has some nice tits"" I just ignore him completely. So am I the asshole for being annoyed and sometimes ignoring my father when he does those things?"
1031,"AITA for not believing these journalistic images are insensitive and offensive? So I showed the following New York Times recent photo journalism essay on the government sanctioned murders of drug users in the Philippines to a lady I am dating: http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2016/12/07/world/asia/rodrigo-duterte-philippines-drugs-killings.html The images are very graphic in nature, showing crime scenes of murders and the victim's bodies. She thinks that the images are offensive for being too creative (and not traditional photo journalism) and that there needs to be respect for the victims and their families involved for showing off the dead bodies of their loved ones like that. I don't think the images are creative in the true definition of the word, but simply show the scene, in a wide shot, that tells the story with powerful realism that ultimately shocks the viewers into awareness of the horrific reality these families and citizens are going through. Am I being an asshole for not feeling the sensitivities of the families of the victims involved?"
1032,"AITA for telling my friend his house is a mess?? So my friend Mike and I have been good friends for about 6 years now. 90% of the time when we hang out we just go over to his place and hang out. He's always been very messy and his house is always a total disaster. However, lately it's been really bothering me. Starting this year whenever I would go over, his place always smelled. In his kitchen he would have dishes in the sink that had been sitting there for at least a week. It smelled really bad anytime I would walk by there. His coffee table was always cluttered with shit like bags, boxes, remotes, old plates, cups, cans and just other crap. His dining room table was the same way and both tables were always sticky. His couches now have these nasty brown and black stains on them as well as the pillows. His shelves and dressers are covered in dust that's now turning into sand. He also recently has an infestation of roaches. The last time I went over there were some in the bathroom sink and I said, ""gross!"" out loud. He seemed pretty offended by it. In short, his place is pretty nasty. Even some of our other friends agree with me on this and a couple of them have recently said they don't enjoy going there anymore because it's just uncomfortable to be in. Well, the other day he invited me over and I told him I couldn't go because I had to work on some stuff for finals. I could've easily done the stuff at his house but I just didn't want to go because it's tough to feel comfortable there. He kept insisting that I go to his place and after a few minutes he finally asked why I didn't want to go. I told him it's because his place is a mess, it's nasty and it smells there. I said it in pretty much those exact words. I then told him that his place is pretty messy and that if he wants people to continue going over he has to start cleaning up. Mike then went nuts and went on a long rant. Then he stormed off. The other day I tried texting him to see if he wanted hang out and he never replied. Yesterday I tried calling him and texting him and he just told me to leave him alone. I do feel bad about the way I went about telling him how messy his place is, but it's seriously a disaster. He's in his 30's and lives alone yet he somehow thinks thats an excuse to not clean up anything. I don't mind hanging out with him at all. But going to his place is another story. So AITA for telling my friend his place is nasty?"
1033,"AITA for making fun of a kid with cancer Okay, were going back ten years to when little nine year old /u/seeberger48 was a fat kid in third grade. At school I was a sociable kid, but the bus ride home was its own little hell. Every day I was made fun of for my weight, to the degree that the ride home was more or less a daily roast session hosted by the older kids. This one kid, Ethan, had cancer and was one of the biggest dicks Ive ever met. When other kids made ""oh look at roly poly"" style rips he would just straight face tell me I was fat and more kr less beneath him. One day it got real bad and mustering up all that 8-9 year old wit I shouted ""shut up, you have cancer"" in a fit of rage. Now I immediately knew I fucked up when the entire bus dropped to church mouse levels of quite and not one of the thirty or so kids made a noise for the remainder of the forty five minute ride. Years pass, Im fifteen or so at this point and Ethan dies. Im talking to my friends in private and one of them starts getting uppity about ""that time you made fun of the kid with cancer"". I stuck to my guns and said he was acting like an asshole. Present day, Im nearly twenty and this all came back to me after I begin chatting up some old friends. What do you guys think? Am I the Asshole?"
1034,"AITA for not wanting to hang out with my friend So my friend (I'll call him Joe) and I have been hanging out for the last several years now. I would say we're close friends. However, over the last few months I feel like he's changed for the worse. He's started hanging out with his cousin a lot which is totally fine. My only issue is that whenever they hang out, Joe seems to become a completely different person. He starts making really bad and kinda racist jokes. He tries to speak Spanish a lot more to impress his cousin. And whenever Joe is around his cousin, he only wants to talk to him. It's to the point where all 3 of us can be hanging out and I'll ask Joe a question and he completely ignores me. When he finally does answer me he just sounds annoyed. Even some of our other friends have noticed that Joe changes a lot when he's around his cousin. Joe just seems to create a clique with his cousin and then I become the outsider. Joe also has developed a bad habit of making plans with me and our friends. Then last minute he cancels and we find out he went to go hang out with cousin. About a month ago he was supposed to come to my place and he just never showed up. I found out later that he went out of town with his cousin. Then over the weekend Joe, his cousin and myself were all at Joe's place. We were all going to go out to eat and as we're leaving Joe then says to his cousin, ""Alright I'll ride with you"" and then he looks at me and says, ""You can go in your car and meet us there."" I just felt so annoyed that he wanted me to go on my own. I felt as if he just didn't want me there. And it wasn't like his cousin couldn't fit all 3 of us in his car. I ended up bailing on the food and going home. It just reinforced the clique like attitude he develops when his cousin is around. The next day he asked me if I wanted to hang out and I said no. When asked why, I told him it's because he always brings his cousin around and he' turns into a different dude. I even told him that our other friends have noticed the change too and that we feel like we're second to his cousin at all times especially since he ditches us to see him. We ended up getting into a big argument. I wasn't getting angry or anything during the argument, I just stated the facts I've listed above. Joe then called me a bunch of names and told me I need to learn to share friends and what not, but I just felt like he was dismissing my complaints. My biggest issue isn't so much that he changes when his cousins around, it's that he seems to develop this attitude"
1035,"AITA for no longer playing video games with my brother? So video games are pretty much all of what me and my brother spend our time doing. Spent about 68% of our lives (so far, still very young) at some sort of screen. Many times of course, will be spent playing cooperative games. That all well and good, until we somehow end up playing a game that's competitive. It mostly started with the release of the most recent Smash brothers. We were both greatly anticipating this release. Despite me commonly (and by commonly I mean 95% of the time) losing to him at pretty much any game you can name, I felt confident about this one. So with my soon-to-be-lost confidence we played this game for about 2 years damn well new every day. And every day we decided to play, I felt worse and worse when he inevitably beat me 5 or 6 times straight before I quit for the day. And when I would quit, pretty much every time I would be very frustrated. Not frustrated enough to get overly verbal or anything, but it was very noticeable to say the least. So life went as usual, starting that routine when we got bored. That is, until we rented Street Fighter 5. I wont get into fighting game semantics, but simply put Street fighter is a completely different ball game than Smash brothers. I was fairly well aquainted with the system, but my brother was not. So I let him practice for a while. It inevitably came time for us to face off. It did not turn out well. I was sitting there beating him (albeit not hard enough for it to be unfair) and the whole time he's calling me all sorts of names. I didn't say anything to him whilst he was talking. I decide not to play with him after beating him about 10 times in a row and go do something else, while he follows, not letting up. After him saying things to me that he knew deeply (very deeply) got under my skin, I got very angry and retaliated. He's a big guy, way bigger than me (for reference I am about 150 Lbs. and he is about 300) so I knew I couldn't hurt him, but I did try as much as I hate to admit. We did still play some Smash brothers after the fact, but as of right now It has been about 7 months since I played with him without other acquaintances present, and he's constantly (but not at all aggressively) pestering me to play with him again. But I refuse to play not just Smash brothers, but any game with even a speck of competitive-ness in it. Sorry for the long read, but anyway, am I the asshole here?"
1036,"AITA for wanting to keep the windows closed in the winter? So there's this ongoing issue between me and my girlfriend - It's cold where I live (like 0C, 32F) and like every time I come home the windows of the apartment are opened. Not all of them but like the kitchen window or the bathroom window will be cracked. I repeatedly have told my girlfriend that we should just keep the windows closed during the winter, because we are waisting money and energy keeping them open, but she insists she needs to ""change the air"". I think it's a cultural thing, because she is from the south of Italy where it maybe gets down to 10 degrees (50F) during the winter, so she's not used to real cold. But I am from the midwest, and I've tried to explain to her that back home we just left the windows completely closed for months at a time. I also think she feels it less, because the way we organize the expenses, I pay the bills, and she pays a fixed amount that is just a bit less than half the average total expenses just to keep it simple. Am I crazy to expect to keep the windows closed during the winter? Edit: I'm not good with Celsius/ Fahrenheit"
1037,"AITA for telling my mentally ill friend that we shouldn't be friends anymore? So I have been friends with this girl, let's call her Hayden, since about 7th or 8th grade. We have now graduated high school. Hayden has depression, anxiety, and BPD, as do I. But she constantly talks about wanting to die. Like in completely innocent situations such as being asked what she wants to do after high school, she'd say ""die"". She is *constantly* saying stuff like this. She also isolated herself from the rest of our friend group (four of us total). Another thing she does is yell a lot, which really stresses me out. I am not good with people yelling, but whenever someone annoyed her she would shout at them, even if it was just some random nearby person that we didn't know. She can also be somewhat rude, pretentious, and very annoying and abrasive. Recently, we got in an argument about something that doesn't really matter. We both got very upset, and because of the heightened emotions, I brought up the issues mentioned above and said that maybe we should just stop being friends as her behavior was constantly bringing me down. I have worked very hard to get out of the ""constantly talking about death"" mindset of depression, and being around her kind of brings me back to it. She acted like I just didn't want to be friends with her because she was depressed, which is kinda true. I know I would feel shitty if someone said this stuff to me, but I also make an effort to be positive around others. So, Reddit. Am I the asshole for not wanting to be around her anymore? I have cut her off: unfriended on FB, deleted her number, unfollowed her everywhere, etc. But I still feel bad. I wish it could've worked out. Am I the asshole?"
1038,"AITA for thinking next Tuesday means the second Tuesday from now? Sorry if this isn't the right place for this kind of question, but it's the closest I could find. My SO and I were arguing about this at a bar earlier. If I say let's get dinner next Tuesday, would you expect to be meeting me 4 days from now or 11 days from now? Now being Friday."
1039,"AITA? On ""Road Meditation"", I apologize in advance my grammar is shit. Sometimes as of late, I have been driving, to and fro, from the cities to my parents home in a more rural area. I am unemployed at the time and kind of actually enjoy my thirty minutes of meditation/thought behind the wheel but to achieve this I have to stay in the right lane and just kind of let traffic go by, here's the crux. I might be driving a little slow, yes, like I said I'm unemployed with no where to be, but I'm not trying to passive aggressively anger my fellow motorists, just hoping they will pass me by and I can continue my free thinking without distraction. The only problem is occasionally, maybe more that occasionally; there are lots of off ramps and some lights on this highway, I'll get a reluctant type or maybe just someone who wants to get off soon, but I have a hatred, like everyone, of tailgaters. When I get one I just ease of the accelerator. Maybe I can teach one person tailgating is really annoying. AMITA"
1040,"AITA for making fun of my friend's post about deaf kids? Back in high school, my friend posted about going to a ""silent dinner"". I thought this was some type friend-thing and replied ""sweet, what are we going to talk about"". He then replies (in paragraphs) about how he was going to a benefit for deaf kids and how insensitive I was. Got unfriended at the speed of light that evening."
1041,AITA for taking this picture and posting it to WTF
1042,"AITA for ditching my parents and giving them the cold shoulder? So, a little background: my mother is very mentally unstable, and has been in-and-out of my life since I was a kid. She's incapable of taking care of herself, let alone a child, and has just been a terrible person. Most recently, two years ago she moved out on my 16th birthday to live with her online boyfriend who lived in Louisiana, and bounced around after that for another year. Keep in mind that my father and I are poor, so every time she leaves it destabilises our financial state. After this, I cut all contact with her and actively told her not to contact me. So, after she left, my dad moved a craigstlist roommate in to help share expenses. It was a immigrant female, who ended up losing her visa while she was there, and my dad thought it'd be a good idea to marry her to keep her in the country, as well as cash in on a high income she would have if she obtained a work permit and was allowed to work legally again. Anyway, fights and bullshit aside, she eventually moves out and is still married to my dad. However, my dad thinks it's a good idea to have my mother move back in, again in a toxic cycle, without tellling me. I yell, i protest, and i eventually type up a contract with basic rules ""Respect me, respect my property, notify me if you're going to drink, keep the house clean."" Last two might sound assholish, but there's context. My dad is an alcoholic who is unproductive and negative when drunk, and I work and go to college full-time so I don't have time to clean the house often -- where he is home all day on retirement payments. These rules last a week, until my dad gets trashed and tears them down, starts accusing me of trying to control him, and other pleasantries. So, I reach out to a friend and am in the process of moving out. I'm a few months from being 18 and going to uni, and i'm just trying to finish my last semester of school in a healthy environment. I'm not sure I want to keep in contact with them after I do this, or if i'm just being dramatic. Please also keep in mind there are smaller details that add up to them not being the best people, but these are the biggest events that led to this point. On their end, dad is in the cycle of drinking where he sobers up for a few days, and they're trying so hard to get me to come back with false promises, money, and more. I'm just kind of done with it all. TL;DR: Mother abandoned me, dad married an immigrant to cash in on potential earnings that fell apart, dad has mom move back in for cash and piss all over what little semblance of stability i have in my life. So, I blow ship and GTFO"
1043,"AITA for being upset about a friend changing living arrangements? My wife and I bought a house in August. Before and during the house-buying process, two friends of ours (an engaged couple) had enthusiastically indicated they wanted to move in to our spare bedroom when their lease was up in December; my wife and I agreed. (Side note, we did not make the stupid decision of buying a house we can't afford without roommates.) Well, November rolls around and one half of the couple cheats on the other, and they ""break up"". The other half begins frantically asking us when the room will be move-in ready, wanting to move in as soon as possible to get out of cohabiting with the ex. My wife and I spend a good amount of time clearing out the spare room (which we've purposely left un-moved-in-to, expecting them to take it; we also had another roommate who graciously took a smaller room since we expected a couple to move in to the bigger one) so the now-single friend can move in. At this point the friend has curiously gone radio silent. About a week and a half ago, we find out that the two have ""worked things out"" and are back together now. Great, fine, so it's back to both of them moving in as originally planned? *Radio silence.* Queue this weekend: we find out over Facebook (via pictures they are tagged in by a 3rd party) that they've signed a lease with another roommate elsewhere. My wife reached out to them and was basically met with a ""¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯ our bad!"" Am I an asshole for taking fault with their behavior?"
1044,"AITA for not acknowledging somebody trying to get my attention while listening to my headphones? Yesterday I went out for a walk to catch some Pokemon and take over a gym, listening to a podcast on my headphones. While attacking a gym, some guy tries to get my attention, but I am looking at my phone, not glancing at him. He's got some papers in his hand, I assume he's trying to sell me something and I am not interested. I keep attacking the gym, and the guy is getting more and more agitated because I won't talk to him. Mind you, with my headphones on, I cannot hear a word he is saying. Eventually he gives up, and tells me to fuck off, at least that is what I think he said by lip reading."
1045,"AITA for wanting my insurance money? Okay so last week I was involved in a hit and run where someone slammed into the back of my car and drove off. My car is totaled. The issue is that my dad is taking the insurance money. I sold my old car to buy the one that is totaled, but the car is in my dad's name and he pays the insurance. I recently had work done to the car that was almost 2k and my dad and I split the cost. I am currently in grad school and living at home. Insurance is paying 8k, which is more than my dad and I thought the car was worth, but no complaints I guess. My grandparents are giving me their spare car so I do not need the money to put towards a car. It would be nice to not take out more student loans though. Am I the asshole for wanting the insurance money even though I don't need to buy a car?"
1046,"AITA for saying I don't understand why my gf is mad at me for sleeping with an escort previous to relationship? So pretty much, we are both 20. I am not a virgin, she is. We were talking about if we are going to have sex, she asked if I had ever done it before. I said I had, she guessed if it was with a tinder-fling or some random girl from the club..I said I don't want to lie and said it was with an escort. At first I didn't understand why she was mad. She asked if I understood why, and I said no and asked for her to explain.. She only really said just because it was an escort/ prostitute... After a lot of thought overnight I now understand why she is mad, but I don't know if I am an asshole for having the opinion that it's a part of me, I woulnd't do it again, and I only did it because I was perma horny and couldn't go through days without it hurting so much.. Am I an asshole?"
1047,"AITA for not wanting to ""tip""? Just got an email from our admin assistant asking the department for cash donations as a ""thank you"" to our cleaning crew vendor staff. I seem to be quite opposed to this practice. For one, they never clean my office even when I ask. Two, they're a paid vendor and the employees are paid a wage not dependent on tips. I understand that this is he holiday season and giving is great but this pressure to donate really seems to bother me. Am I the asshole for thinking they are not deserved of a tip? Am I the asshole for not wanting to participate and feeling maybe even a bit jealous? I'm pretty low on the totem pole here and while I make an ok living, I'm still struggling to get by. I simply don't have the means or disposable income to give part of it away to people I've never met or interacted with. Where is my bonus for doing a kick ass job? My manager sings my praises daily but no one is taking up a collection for me. I just get my regular pay. I would much rather the company spring for a gift basket or a luncheon with them or something similar, if they really need to thank them past the invoices we pay them."
1048,"AITA for getting mad at my friend for being bad at texting So I am friends with this guy. Known each other for 6 years. Extremely close. But he's been getting progressively worse and worse at communicating. He used to always text back right away. Then it became few hours, which was fine. Then a day which became little frustrating but also fine. Now it takes days to couple weeks to hear back. And often its simple things like ""hey do you want to hang out this week"" or ""Should I do this/that"". I told him that it was ridiculous and incredibly frustrating that I could get faster response from normal people through snail mail then I could from texting him. He got pissed off at me and told me he's just bad at texting and that he does it to everyone and doesn't see why it matters. I told him any reasonable person would get pissed from being ignored for days to weeks at a time. Am I the asshole/being unreasonable? ie: I will text ""hey, I got this new game, do you want to come play it sometime"" and I will get a message 10 days later saying ""sure"""
1049,"AITA for trying to contact my (now possibly ex) boyfriend when he said he wants to be alone. I (21F) have been in a long distance relationship with my boyfriend (25m) since I met him when I was studying abroad in his country this past summer. It was going so great, he was so supportive when I was going through a rough time, he often said I love you and that I was beautiful, missed me, couldn't wait to see me again, etc. Just three weeks ago, we were sending each other goofy messages and sexting and saying I love you so this has all come out of nowhere to me. Last week, he got a stomach flu. I think he may have missed a few days of work. Suddenly he became cold to me. I told him I wanted to talk to him last Friday, and he said he was too tired. I asked him if he was ok, and he said he just wanted to be alone when he's busy or else he hurts people. Didn't explain what he meant by that. So I decided not to text him for a few days. Yesterday, I looked on Facebook and saw that I couldn't see anything on his profile. I texted him and told him I knew he was busy, but I needed to talk to him. No response, but it was marked read. Later that night, I wrote him a long text saying I know he's busy so I want to help him. I asked him how many days does he need to be alone. I told him I wanted to help him, but I need his help too. I need to hear from him often. I feel like he's mad at me, but I don't know why. His cold attitude is hurting me. Read, but no response. This morning, I saw that he has now completely blocked me on Facebook. I texted him good morning, have a good day like I always did before earlier today. It's not marked as read. I sent him a snapchat asking why is he ignoring me. Not read yet. What did I do wrong? I feel like this is all my fault. Am I too clingy? Due to some past conversations and conflicts with him, I have a strong feeling that he is on the autistic spectrum. I've been professionally diagnosed with Asperger's, so relationships and solving conflict is so difficult for me. I'm so devastated, this is my first real relationship. I already mailed him his Christmas present last week. I put so much thought in it. I already feel so heartbroken. I just want to know what I did wrong. He won't talk to me, so I can't ask him. If anyone has any suggestions, please tell me."
1050,"AITA For being mad at my co-worker for catching a pop fly? My office has a kickball team (judge us if you must) and last night before the game, as we were warming up, a group of kids between the ages of 6 - 10 (I'm guessing) asked if they could play with us. That basically amounted to us pitching the ball to the little kids so that they could easily kick it, then kind of fumbling with the ball to give them enough time to run to first base. That was until one little girl came up to bat. She was the pretty out of shape for her age, and seemed uncomfortable with the whole ""sports"" thing. Let's just say I know what that's like, so my ""let's make sure this girl has a good time"" meter was way high. My female co-worker pitched the ball to this girl, and when the girl popped it up she ran over and caught it. Not such a big deal, except we had literally let every kid up to this point get on base, whether they had a good kick or not. When I said something to the effect of ""hey come on"" she replied ""not everyone can get a trophy"". My blood absolutely boiled. In a way I know she's right, but I also remember what it's like to be a fat little kid who just wants to make it to first base. I think if we had treated every kid that way and actually tried to get them out it would be fine, but this little girl being the only one to not make it to first in the whole game really mad me sad. To compound that, right after it happened, the little girl left without saying goodbye to anyone. Am I just projecting my old feelings on to someone I don't know at all? Probably. Do I feel like I'm going to have a hard time working with this person today? I'm glad the week is almost over...."
1051,"AITA For messing up this sandwich!? Argument between two co-workers (guy1 and guy2) Guy1 orders a sandwich called ""The Village Hero"". It comes with a ton of meat and ""the works"" by default. ""The works"" consists of lettuce, tomato, onion, oil and vinegar. Guy1 writes down ""The village hero"" on the paper for his order. When guy2 is ordering on the phone, deli worker asks if guy1 wants ""the works"". Guy2 says no, as it is not written down on the paper. Guy1 and guy2 get into an argument when the sandwich comes with just bread and meat. So guy1 is asking reddit..... Am I the asshole?"
1052,"AITA: Girlfriend changed flights and is coming in while I already have plans Due to incoming ""blizzard like conditions"", my girlfriend, who lives 1000 miles away, and I discussed changing her flight that was supposed to come in tomorrow to tonight. I informed her that I would be about 2 hours after she lands because I already have plans with my brother and brother-in-law to see a movie at 9:30. Doing some rough math (accounting for previews, travel time, etc), she will be landing about 1 hour into the movie. She says she does not want to wait at the airport. I don't have anyone to pick her up and will have my keys so she can't uber / taxi to my place (roughly 45 minutes away). TL;DR: Am I an asshole for seeing a movie (planned in advance) rather than picking up my girlfriend (flight plans changed today)?"
1053,"AITA for not moving my car? This started with me living with my girlfriend, Alice. She lives in an apartment complex with way too few parking spots (it's actually known for that). We get parking passes due to the limited parking and when I moved out I gave on of her 2 roommates my parking pass (he didn't have one because he wouldn't get on the lease). I stay with my girlfriend roughly 4 nights a week because she has a bed and I don't (unrelated) and because I don't have a parking pass, I park in the space designated for her apartment, which is the only safe space for a car without a pass. One of my girlfriend's roommates, Ed, works late, when most of the free spaces are taken (they're not all gone, just the closest ones to our building). As such he feels entitled to the designated spot. This leaves me having to walk 2 blocks to the other safe parking spaces because I don't have a pass anymore. Obviously walking 2 blocks in the now cold winter weather sucks, but so does having an irate roommate. Am I the asshole?"
1054,"AITA for wanting my boyfriend to switch his work schedule? My boyfriend is in the Marine Corps and stationed nearly 4000 miles away from me. He's coming to visit me for Christmas and then I'm going to go back with him to where he's based for a little less than a week. I know he'll have to work normal days while I'm there, and that doesn't bother me. However, he also has duty every approx every five days, which is when they have to spend 24 hours on the base (he lives off base). We just found out that his duty day is a Saturday, which he would otherwise have off. It wouldn't bother me if his duty were on a normal work day, but it being a Saturday bums me out- I'll have to spend that 24 hours by myself. A mutual friend who's also dating a soldier at the same base mentioned that when she visited him, he switched duty days to spend time with her. With that in mind, I asked him if it would be possible to switch duty days with someone else so we could enjoy our time together. He got upset with me because I knew from the beginning that he might have duty during my visit, and because I was ""dictating to him what he can and can't do in the military"" which made him feel controlled. Plus, if he switches duty days, he might have to have duty on another inconvenient day (after my visit). I protested that it was fair for me to ask, even if the answer turned out to be no. So, AITA for asking if he could switch duty days so we can spend time together?"
1055,"AITA for intentionally giving someone the wrong phone number? For a bit of context, I go to the same high school as these people. We were all at a party to celebrate the Christmas breakup for the holidays. There's this dude I know, (who's been getting a bit friendly with my crush for a while now) and he was exchanging numbers with people. He gets to my crush, asks for her number and lo and behold she can't find it listed anywhere in her phone. I step in and say ""I have it in my phone, maybe I could give it to you?"" I give him the mostly correct one but I change the last digit and he notes it down and life goes on. I feel really bad about doing this. AITA?"
1056,"AITA went to get printing done It's 7:30pm. There's only one guy working behind the counter and droves of customers are coming in (Christmas). The guy looks super stressed. Knowing what it's like dealing with customers, I try to be as nice as possible... 1. I have my documents .pdf as I'm supposed to, however when printing, one of the pictures is coming as a thick black square. This is abnormal, because it appears fine in the PDF and when I did the test print at home. I say no worries, I'll go back and edit the document and change the formatting etc. to fix this. He says ""wow... Most people would be furious with me."" I retort ""well they're idiots, it's an easy fix :)"". 2. A woman (not a lady) comes in and is all pissy because he said he can't do printing on the spot for her. She whines and rants and because of this, he ends up doing the job on the spot for her and giving her a huge discount. 3. The way he's conducting himself is that he attends to me, does one of my jobs (I had several - I also suggest to him at the beginning we just book them in) and then goes and serves the next person and alternatates. I have to wait 10-15 minutes each time so I just decide fuck it, I'll play some poker on my mobile. 4. Eventually it gets around to 8:50pm and he starts serving a lady that just walked in while I'm waiting. At 8:55pm he tells me my last couple jobs will have to wait for the next day, as they close at 9pm. Now I'm irritated. I was *SO* patient, *SO* understanding, *SO* nice, and everyone else got their shit done, some with discounts for being assholes, and I have to come back for the FOURTH time to this place (I had already been once before, I would have to come again to book the next job which I was there to do today, and he said no to the booking and to do it on the spot instead, and would have to come back a fourth time to pick it up. I said that's unacceptable and explained my reasoning. The guy was nice enough to actually do it but was extremely pissed at me. I didn't retort and let his attitude slide completely, I even tried to palm him $20 for having to stay back another 15 minutes (the lady was also there), but he denied it avoided eye contact and didn't say a word. If he just stuck with me and booked the jobs like I asked, I could have been in at 7:30pm and out at 7:50pm."
1057,"AITA for being offended that my SIL wouldn't let my husband come pick up our stuff from her house? Background: My husband and I lived with his sister (we will call her Lisa) from June to October this year, while we transitioned from living in NY to living in WA. Lisa invited us to stay with her and her husband more than a year prior to us moving out here, and we assumed that meant we would be staying inside their house. When we arrived, they informed us that we would be staying in their front lawn in our bus that we converted into an RV. I was 35 weeks pregnant at the time. This became a huge ordeal and we eventually had a big blowout over it. We ended on what I thought was a positive note, agreeing to be more communicative and supportive of each other in the future. Through all of this, we have come to find that they are very reserved people and distrusting of others (not necessarily a negative, just a personality trait that is important to the story). My husband and I are the very opposite of that. Story: Recently, we moved about an hour away from Lisa. We moved most of our stuff out of their house but left a few baby things that we are very much in need of now. My husband has a full time job, and I am a stay at home mother. We have one car, which makes running errands during the day difficult (they know this). Two weeks ago, we tried to stop by Lisa's house to pick up our stuff. We asked her if it was okay if we came by, and then promptly forgot to go on our way home like we had planned. Baby brain is a very real thing. I texted her and apologized and said we'd let her know when we were in the area again to come pick up our stuff. She never responded. Cut to yesterday, my husband was in the area dropping off another family member that had spent the weekend with us. My husband called a few hours in advance asking if he could come by. Lisa said they weren't going to be home, but that she would call him back and let him know what was up. When she calls back, she says that they don't want him at the house when they aren't there, so he'd have to come back another time. This is the part that I'm not sure about. My husband is her brother. We lived with her for five months and have both been in her house unchaperoned before. He also lived with her on another occasion before we got married. They also know how difficult it is for us to arrange a time to get to their house. Am I the asshole for being annoyed that they wouldn't let him get our stuff? I know that it is her house, and she has the right to refuse entry to anyone she chooses, but all"
1058,AITA. Link in desc https://imgur.com/a/uVzeD
1059,"AITA for not driving my wife to work? So we live in the UK, my wife moved here from the United States in July 2015. This means that her US driving license in the UK is no longer valid to legally drive with. We're currently waiting on her new, UK one but then we'll need to wait for a theory test, then practical. In my area we're looking at about 5 months until she has a license. I only passed my test and got a car in July. At the time we both worked in the same office with matching schedules so I drove us both to and from work every day. In September I changed jobs and now I either work from home, commute by train into London (leaving 2 hours before she starts and getting home about 2 hours after she finishes), or I drive into the office, dropping her at hers along the way. This is where it gets to the problem. If I'm working from home, she expects me to drive her to the office and pick her up. It's not a long distance, maybe 3 miles each way if that. But the traffic here is atrocious. If I drive her to work to get in at 8, I'm home at 8:30 best case and in one scenario not until 0945 - after leaving the house at 0740. I don't have any set working schedule and I can catch up on work quickly when I get back, but that's a long time to be sat stuck in traffic in the morning. The main issue I have is that the offices where she works have a free shuttle bus service which although crowded and uncomfortable, is a 5 minute walk from our flat and runs every 10 - 15 minutes. Although it's not as convenient as being in a car with her husband and it's a 5 min walk and short wait in the cold, I feel it's fair for her to take that when I am working from home. I also, unless I have a call, always pick her up at 4pm when I'm home. And again, when I drive to work I leave early enough to drop her off and then head out of the office at 1545 so I can pick her up too. I thought I was completely in the right but a mutual friend who works with her (I used to work at the same place) told me I was being an asshole about it. I think I've covered everything and been fair, just looking for an impartial opinion on this."
1060,"AITA For Expecting Hard Work? I work at a place, and at this place, to be really successful you have to do hard work. I don't want to be too descriptive about it but we make food for people, it has a certain style and atmosphere we serve the guests. It's in the $$ price range on yelp, nothing fancy. Now at this place, I'm in a leadership role, I have worked at a few different stores and I understand whats happening when things are going wrong, and when they are going right, and why. I was offered a higher position awhile back but it was swooped away from me by what I can only call ""unforeseen consequences."" So my conflict is this... in my work things can be done right, or wrong. There is a best way to do everything, and then there are the other ways of doing them. I train newer people in the right way, and tell them why things are done such ways. Examples first and then give them tips or insight on mistakes I made when I was learning... I try to be really helpful. But, at this place, this new store, management is well, I want to be kind, but they are really lazy. That's simply it. We routinely run out of simple items, none of them take initiative to do the odd jobs, or fix the real problems, etc etc. So I am stuck here now, having been offered a position I could really make a difference and earn more money, but I am here still and management basically expect me to do their jobs, and ask employees to handle these problems because they will not ask them to do them, and they will not do them on their own. Sometimes I get so boggled trying to keep the place up to my standards fixing shit and getting things prepped or cleaned, I miss a tiny insignificant detail at the end, and I will get a snarky passive aggressive text about it in the morning. The shit makes me burn up inside, and the result has been some people regarding me as the asshole, because I am the only one who actually keeps people on task... I work here 45 hours a week, its not enough to fix anything permanently, only enough to pick up their bullshit leftovers. Am I the asshole for expecting people to keep the store at a higher level than the people getting paid more than me? Should I just keep it up? Or get a new job? The thing that makes me the ""asshole"" is at this place, the managers all let everyone smoke weed, at,in, and all about work... and other extra curricular activities as well... its like everyones blackmailed eachother into being ""super chill"" all the time, and I threw a stick into the spokes... I got hired here and was immediately promoted to a leadership role but now I feel resentment from some of the employees. From the veterans of the store the hate is passive,"
1061,"AITA for not holding my bf hand? We're both in our late twenties and have been together for more than three years now. We used to hold hands in public (when we started dating) but now we don't anymore. At first I just thought it's because, you know, we've been together for a while and so on.. But then I realised that the reason why I never initiate it is simply because he could take better care of himself (dress slightly better, not be underdressed for certain occasions and so on). It's not that bad or anything, but I think I wouldn't hesitate to hold his hand and feel proud walking down the street with him, if not for that. I don't think he's noticed, and I would not reject him, if he wanted to hold hands. But I guess he never initiates because he's not that confident (we're gay so that probably doesn't help). I love him and want him to feel accepted and loved and want to support him, yet not wanting to hold his hand in public makes me feel like an asshole. So AITA? If you have some thoughts on what should I do about this, please do share!"
1062,"AITA for reporting my old roommate to the housing authorities? Background: I live in Denmark, and back then we were in a county with rent regulation. The rent was very high for the room I rented in her flat, a medium-sized 12 sq meter place. I paid around 4000 Kr, or $800, for something 35 minutes outside Copenhagen. She was a pain. The final straw was when she evicted me, and refused to tell me why. So I reported the rent to the authorities. The rent was ruled to be twice as high as what is legal. She now owes me $4000-ish in backpay. She can't afford it, and probably will have to take a loan. The legal system is on my side. But am I an asshole? I'm sure she was just trying to make ends meet."
1063,"AITA for putting all the moldy dirty dishes and garbage from my roommate in her bathroom? So, my roommate and I got into a fight 2 weeks ago. She literally exploded and screamed at me and my other roommate, who quickly fled to another part of the building. She claimed that me and the other roommate don't clean up the common room and kitchen at all. The fact is however, that all of the dirty dishes and garbage in the common room and kitchen is hers. She has always been like that but relied on roommate 3 to clean up after her. Roommate 3 is now gone, which meant that the kitchen became just too dirty. As I said, at one point she would have a party in the evening so wanted the house to be clean and went completely mad when we didn't want to help her. After that outburst (that at least 30 people in surrounding houses could have heard) she cleaned up most of the kitchen on her own and when I came back later that evening, I cleaned up some of the leftovers so there could be a fresh start. I thought that would be the end of it, because surely she wouldn't make a mess all on her own again after that outburst. Well, she did. Me and the other roommate were extra careful not to forget to wash any of our own dishes, but roommate 1 just fucked up the whole kitchen and common room again within a week. The table was filled with empty bottles and cans, the kitchen sink was clogged (I think on purpose) and the half empty glasses of juice became moldy. Even the disgusting clogged sink became covered with mold because of unfinished food and not washed dishes in the sink. She did not clean it up, but she left for 2 weeks on a vacation. When I confronted her on facebook, she told me that she doesn't care. I think it's clear that she is an asshole in this situation. The question is however, am I an asshole for my response? I grew sick of her and wanted a nice and clean common room while she was gone, so I unclogged the sink and put all the dirty dishes, bowls of dirty moldy water and empty cans/bottles in her bathroom. Now, her bathroom was already disgusting before I did that, but now it is covered with a lot of dirty dishes and garbage, it's absolutely awful in there. The mold is also not turning the bathroom in a nice place right now and everything will be in there for 2 weeks. I refuse to clean her shit up and let the common room be so dirty because of her, but was this whole 'turning the bathroom into a dangerously disgusting place' a dick move? Should I have done something else?"
1064,"AITA for locking my brother outside in the rain? General background: My brother John(27) and I(21F Jessica) both live at home with our mother and we're both unemployed. John recently got a few days of construction work from our uncle. John and Ma don't really get along much but she trusts him at home. **My Side:** Around 4PM John calls and says he'll be done with work around 7 and that he finally got paid. Around 8 Ma asks me to call him because she has to go to a Christmas party and doesn't want to leave me alone because a string of robberies have occurred nearby. John says he'll be back before 9 since he's hanging out with our cousin Wally(26). I call him at 10 because he still wasn't back, he claims he's still in a magic match but that he's almost finished. At 11:30 I hear knocking on the front door and I see that John's car is in the driveway so I decide to make him wait a few minutes as punishment. 10 minutes later I go to the front door and open it to find John and Wally on the porch. That's when I slammed the door shut in anger and sent them a message to wait for Ma to come back if they wanted to go inside. They waited for a bit then drove off. I don't like Wally very much because he encourages John's use of synthetic marijuana and lies about it. I'm pretty goddamn sure they were smoking and lost track of the time. I *would have* let John in if Wally wasn't there, Wally isn't even allowed to stay over for the night so either he *was* going to stay over or they were just passing through. **John's side:** He was working 4 days straight in misty weather for our asshole uncle. After all that he got paid around $300 and went to the local comic shop to buy the new Commander deck. Then John went to Wally's place because all of John's decks were there and he wanted to replace some cards with the ones he bought. He got the call around 8 that he needs to go back home but he's tired from all the work and wants to test out the new deck against someone who actively plays since Jessica no longer plays magic. Commander games go on for hours, especially when you're testing out new cards and then John got the call at 10:30. He and Wally wrap up the game and drive home but once they get there around 11:15 Jessica doesn't open the door. They knock on the front door and windows until the door finally opens but as soon as it does it gets slammed shut. Jessica just sends them a text telling them to wait for Ma. Once the rain got heavy they leave in the truck. **tldr**: I locked out my older bro because he was possibly high and stayed out far longer than he was supposed to. Edit: I should mention that I'm"
1065,"AITA for not being ""grateful"" for gifts I wanted a chair and new desk for christmas a while back but then I said it would not be a good idea because there is a big chance I would be moving away for uni in a few months time. After that I my mother said she will get me money instead then I could pick what I want when I know what I am doing. Without me knowing my mother got me some little gift to open because she didnt want me not opening anything on christmas which is cool. I open them and the first gift she gets me is shaving foam and I have an electric shaver already so I just looked at it confused. Then the next gift I open was armani after shave samples and I she knows I have a hatred towards armani because I think its shocking that they charge so much for bad quality products. Then my grandmother got me a bag and tshirt and I like both of them but she and my grandad are smokers and the bag and t-shirt had a old smoke smell to it and I have a strong sense smell so I could smell it a lot and didnt want to wear them because of it. I said thank you and that but she said I was ungrateful because I didn't look happy. ( I have a minor case of depression and didnt feel too happy right then.) Then it came to her gifts that I put quite a bit of thought into, I got her some perfume that I saw on her table that looked empty so I assumed she liked it. Then she opens it and says oh I got this last year and hated it so I used it for the toilet and I also got her some ugg style slippers also and I didnt even get a thank you and she is calling me the asshole. Am I the asshole?"
1066,"AITA For not wanting to spend some time at my Dad's place for a while Over this Christmas Holiday I've been spending time at my Dad's place, the house belongs to my step-mother and I've never lived there growing up. My Dad's living there now with my Step-mum and my two step sisters who are in their teens. Until the last time I visited here I didn't have a bed or room and had to sleep in a side-room on a futon or on the living room sofa but now I have a camping bed thing to sleep on in a small side room they were using for storage. Every time I visit I get the same kind of issues my step sisters make a huge fuss that I don't help out enough me and my Dad always have to talk about it even when I was doing considerably more than them (sweeping up, walking and feeding the dog and watering the plants daily and doing dishes alternate days not much but when compared to them pulling a fit over doing the dishes the other alternate days a bit frustrating.) I should say I'm not the neatest person and I'm not the best with volunteering to help out right away but if people ask me to do something I'm happy to help out and if I'm staying for more than a few days I ask if my Dad wants to give me a set of jobs to do. I'm a medical student and a lot of the time when I'm home I have to prepare for exams and I find I have to move around rooms when I'm working to accommodate other people because the room with the only desk has a tv in that the step-sisters want to watch and it makes not having a room even more frustrating. I also find when I stay there I find it hard to have a conversation with my dad, if we meet in other somewhere or he comes to visit me we get on and can have a good conversation. When I stay with him however I find I can't get him to respond and I'll have to call his name 4-5 times before he responds but will answer instantly to my step mum. Its not uncommon for me to be talking to my dad my step-mum to interrupt and then to have difficulty getting his attention again after they're done. It sounds very adolescent I know but they'll sometimes be days between me having a conversation with anyone that lasts more than two sentences and it bums me out. We always end up bickering over the most petty stuff and I always feel like an unwelcome guest there. Last summer my Step mum washed and shrunk beyond repair most of my button down shirts that I need to wear for hospital and me and my dad kept getting in arguments over how I was ungrateful for not appreciating the gesture of her trying to clean my things. I've talked to my dad"
1067,"AITA for not doing enough considering my position in life? Hello reddit. I'm sorry if this isn't the correct subreddit to post this to. I am very new to this website. I am 17 years old and was born into a very wealthy family. Not so wealthy that I will not have to work, but wealthy enough to be able to go to college and substancial portion be paid for by my parents. I mentioned this somewhere on the internet the other day, and someone called me an asshole for not being charitable enough. This made me take a step back and realize that I really do very little for the less fortunate. My immediate reaction was to donate some from my summer job to charity, but I only did that to not feel so guilty, not out of goodwill. I do a few other things that could be regarded as charitable, but rarely out of goodwill (for example, I'm a girl scout and am doing quite a bit of volunteer work there, but that is only to make my college application more impressive.) ~~Everyone has an obligation to~~ *It is important to me that I* make the world a better place, and I am a position where I can do that fairly easily. But I don't. I don't do anything. Some people work their asses off to help the less fortunate and I do jack shit. Does that make me an asshole? Also, what suggestions do you guys have for me to be charitable as a teenager busy with school? Thanks Edit: I changed ""Everyone has an obligation to"" to ""It is important to me that I"""
1068,"AITA for buying my mom concerts tickets and expecting her to take me Hey r/AITA, I bought my mom concert tickets this Christmas to her favorite and one of my favorite band's shows in 2017. They were incredibly expensive for my taste, but I wanted to see this band with her as we and my late father (of 5+ years) all loved this band and they will be playing nearby. I made the mistake of giving her two tickets and she seems to want to bring her boyfriend. He's very nice and I don't necessarily have a problem with that, but I thought she'd want to take me given the fact that: 1) I introduced her to the band 2) We mutually love this band 3) It'd be an incredible experience to see them together as neither of us have before. I want to know if I am having unreasonable expectations and should just let her do what she wants with her gift, or if perhaps she is being unreasonable because of the aforementioned history and sentimental value attached to seeing this band. Thanks for the feedback. Happy holidays!"
1069,"AITA Secret Santa Mishap So, I like Secret Santa. I don't really care what I get, but I like getting gifts for people. I like trying to figure out what their interests are, find something that I think they'd really enjoy, something they wouldn't get for themselves but would want and/or appreciate. So, our school did Secret Santa and I got a guy I know. I was excited because I knew *exactly* what to get him. He and I share some mutual interests so I went and got him something I knew he'd appreciate. Well, he didn't show up to the Secret Santa event, but that's okay - he was busy and the presents are just left under the tree in the lounge so I figured he'd pick it up at some point. Except that he didn't. And people tried to contact him and tell him to get his gift, but he's just ignoring everyone's texts. The ignoring thing isn't new - he does that a lot, but I usually give him the benefit of the doubt because some people are bad at communicating. I know I can be bad at communicating sometimes. So, it's been a few days and if the leftover presents aren't picked up then the cleaning staff is planning on throwing them away. The only other present left behind is one that was handed in without a name (???). I'm really kind of put out because I was excited to get this gift for him and I put time and effort into choosing the right one - and he never even bothered to pick it up. To be clear, I'm not planning on confronting him or anything. I considered bringing the present to him or just leaving it outside his door, but would that make me seem passive aggressive? I don't want the cleaning crew to just throw it in the trash. Should I pick it up? Basically - am I being unreasonable about this? I know that in the long run, it's not a big deal. I'm just a little miffed, I guess."
1070,AITA - Knocked out idiot who sucker punched me. So me and a few friends of mine were out drinking one night having a good time. As we were wating for a taxi one of my friends got in a verbal dispute with a guy who ended up taking a swing at my friend but missed. I started laughing at the guy and as he was about to leave he punched me in my lip busting it open. He started walking away from me as soon as he punched me and I went up behind him and headkicked him knocking him unconscious and gtfo. The next day I heard that the guy had spent the night at the hospital and his nose was broken. Was it a asshole move to kick him from behind or was it justified since he had punched me first?
1071,"AITA For getting a nice cocktail during lunch at a restaurant? My family is travelling for Christmas and staying with a really lovely Canadian family in Quebec. We went out to a nice French restaurant for lunch on Boxing Day, which had a really swank looking bar attached. The restaurant had a deal where you pay 20 bucks and get a starter, main, dessert and a beer, and add extra for more expensive choices, which everyone chose and my dad was paying for everyone. I really love whiskey, and on the way in I noticed the bar had a bourbon that I really like and was selling it in Manhattans (a simple cocktail with whiskey and vermouth) for dirt cheap. So after I finished my meal-included beer, I went over to the bar to buy one. When I brought it back to my table, the Canadian family didn't even notice, but both my parents glared at me. Dad said ""Where's everyone else's?"". I was really confused, I thought maybe he'd thought I put it on his bill without asking so I explained that it's ok I paid for this myself. Having grabbed the attention of the whole table, he then continued ""It's incredibly rude to get a drink like that"" while my mother nodded I'm ashamed agreement. I was lost for words, and so was the Canadian family. It was so embarrassing, all I wanted to do was enjoy this drink at Christmas and my own parents humiliated me, an adult man, in public and in front of our hosts. I don't understand, surely there's irony in how rude it is to blatantly call someone out at the dinner table. This has been weighing on me for a few days and making it hard to enjoy the trip, everything my parents say feels antagonistic. So is it actually rude to get a nice drink at a restaurant when everyone else isn't getting one, or is this just a manifestation of my parents' weird child-discipline complex?"
1072,"AITA - Saying ""Allahu Akbar"" while Roleplaying in a game? So, I was roleplaying in a game, and then there was an F-5 tornado (in roleplay) and I prayed and said allahu akbar (I am muslim myself). Then my friend came up and unfriended me, for saying allahu akbar ingame."
1073,"AITA for reporting my neighbor's barking dog to the city? A few months ago, my downstairs neighbor changed and a new person comes in with dogs. 2 dogs, apparently. I'm not exactly sure of when the move was, but eventually I realized the loud yappy dog I kept hearing was living below me. I also realized that this dog must have been left home alone for hours, because it would bark for 1-2+ hours. Once for 4 hours. Sometimes late at night (after 11pm). As you might expect, this is very irritating, but someone must have talked to her (or him) because it started to improve. However, possibly due to my reactions, my cats eventually learned to also hate the barking (whereas previously they just slept right through it). Instead of sleeping through it, they would go hide under my bed. Or growl. To me, this was enough. I'm willing to suffer, but not my pets. I didn't bother discussing this with my neighbor, since it had been 3 months and my cats were starting to change their behavior. I just reported them. The city will just send a letter, but I felt a little guilty for not speaking to them directly. edit: The letter from the city arrived. I know because I got one too. And because the dog bark has immediately stopped. Based on the wording of the letter *I* received, I think it was the best decision. I wasn't able to compose a letter that wasn't snarky or accusatory, given that I was always upset when I wrote it. And, I think the letter coming from the city was a lot more authoritative than from a neighbor, which made it easier to comply with. That said, I'm pretty surprised the barking stopped so quickly. We are very happy."
1074,"AITA for going to noisy neighbours at 1am and asking ""Do you know what time it is?!"" Neighbours playing loud music and singing top of their voice all night. I had enough and went and said ""Do you know what time it isn't?!"", they reply ""...yes, but it's Christmas"". I said, ""you could have come round earlier to tell/warn us"", they reply, ""but it's Christmas"". I walked off. Then they continued being loud. Their speakers are by our bedroom and the people we're 40+ year old. My GF seems to think I was being an asshole. And that I should apologise to them as it's going to be 'awkward' - edit: this happened yesterday, 4 days after the 25th"
1075,"AITA for wishing my friend would have talked to me before adding to our plans? Okay so a little background: I love this friend dearly, but she sometimes just dumps stuff on me. I.e expecting me to pay for stuff without asking, or asking at the last second. Or telling me I need to pick her up on my way somewhere when i was unaware that was her plan. Sometimes it's really inconvenient, sometimes it's no big deal, but I think it's just not the best communication between us. So recently we made some plans for tomorrow night that include bar hopping. It's just casual, it's not like we made reservations but it was something I looked into and planned out. So it kind of bothered me when said friend texted and said ""oh by the way (friend) is gonna join us tomorrow."" now, this really isn't a big deal, I like this person and would be glad to have them along. But it also kind of upset me that she just dumped these plans on me without even asking if I cared or anything. Just invited her without telling me. AITA? Edit: spelling"
1076,AITA for thinking it's better to give money to organizations that help the homeless instead of directly to the homeless?
1077,"AITA for being frustrated at my friend for not being able to finish a hike. I feel like a total asshole. Me and my friend planned 3 months ago to go on a 9 day hike. We hike together fairly often but this was our first one in a while. So last hike (a year ago almost) my friend struggled with foot pain which she said she got every hike. She struggled on the last hike and I told her she needed to go to a physio or podiatrist because she probably needed insoles. So fast forward to this hike, she suggested it, I put no pressure on her and I sunk about 700 dollars into the trip. 4 days in her feet are really hurting and she says she can't go on so we cut it short and she also felt she was struggling fitness wise. I feel bad that she's in pain but I'm just frustrated that 1) she didn't bother to do anything about this recurring issue and 2) she did absolutely no training whatsoever to prepare herself. And she kept complaining about how I was going too fast and that she felt inferior because of her fitness. The thing is I also have recurring issues and I've gone to the physio trying to correct it. I just feel like she let me down and I wouldn't be upset if it was a new injury etc but the fact that she's had this issue before and didn't do anything about it upsets me. I've tried to get her going on some practice hikes and walks but she always turned me down. So am I the asshole?"
1078,"AITA for not leaving a tip? I recently moved closer to a buddy so I recently met up to catch up. So we go out to eat at this pizza place and chill for a bit talking. After a little bit we decided to order a large meat lover pizza. After about 20 minutes or so the waiter delivered the pizza and I was kind of disgusted. Whoever made the pizza put the toppings on in the shape of a penis. At first it was kind of funny but just made me feel weird about eating it. My buddy thought it was funny and said don't worry about. I asked if we should call the waiter back and have it sent back and he said they'd probably mess with it if we did that. After we were finished eating I paid for it and didn't tell my buddy that I didnt leave a tip. I just felt like I was being pranked and someone was messing with my food. TLDR: Went to a restaurant, not sure if they were messing with me or not. Didn't leave a tip. :/"
1079,"AITA for getting mad about this NYE mishap my gf and I are on vacation in florida along with a lot of my family. for new years eve she wanted to go to a party/show in miami with an old high school friend of hers. the party sounds cool and much better than anything that my family is doing so I buy the tickets. when we get to miami she tells me that some of her family friends are also in miami and she wants to invite them along. the two guys she invites are older than 18 but under 21, so we weren't sure if they could get in, but no one is IDing so we tell them to come. I buy them a drink which are like $10 each which they balk at but hey, it's new years eve, it's a trendy bar, what are you gonna do? well after midnight my gf says she wants to go with these kids to a liquor store to buy them booze. I tell her not to, I can buy them drinks if they pay for them, and I really don't want her to leave, she'll miss some of the live music, etc. my gf is kind of a people-pleaser and she says these guys are like her little brothers, and she wants to show them a good time. they say they'll get an uber to the liquor store so they won't even be gone long. I ask her one more time not to go but I don't wanna be the controlling bf. so they leave, turns out they got in the wrong uber, went to some random hotel on the other side of town, got stuck in traffic (fucking pitbull) on the way back, and were gone for about two hours. while I'm wondering where my gf is, her friend says, ""you guys have been dating for two years, you must be used to this stuff by now, right?"" I just wish she would've listened to me, she missed a good chunk of the live music and didn't really get to hang out with her friend that she rarely sees (the guys live in the same town as us in the midwest). I don't like bringing it up because she feels bad about the whole thing, like she ruined our NYE, and I know it was an accident. today I showed her a selfie her friend took of us and a few people we met, and she got sad and asked my not to post it on social media since she's not in it. and I feel like I can't get upset about it because she's sad about how it all turned out too. tl:dr my gf went on a liquor run on NYE for her underage friends which took 4x as long as expected, after I pleaded her not to go. I'm upset about it and she is sad that she missed most of an awesome party."
1080,"AITA for a NYE fight with my friend Background, I am a 21 year old virgin and my friend knows this. My friend Joe invited me to Toronto for a NYE party and I went. He convinced me to get a hotel room on the off chance that I did bring a girl back. We attend the event, all is well and I am dancing with a very attractive young lady who is attempting to teach me how to salsa. She is also drunk. Not so much that she is incoherent or that she is unresponsive, but she is slurring her words and having trouble staying balanced in her heels. She seems open to spending the night in my hotel. I decline and send her on her way with her friends who casually mention her boyfriend. Now for the real asshole part. We get back to the hotel and while helping drunk Joe into his room while his girlfriend June was talking to people, my friend asks why I didn't bring that girl back. I tell him she was drunk, she had a boyfriend and that I didn't feel comfortable for two reasons. 1 - I didn't want to risk any sort of claim that I took advantage of someone, because I never want to be seen as that guy. 2 - I didn't want to be the guy that she cheated on her boyfriend with. Because we weren't sober either, he proceeded to jokingly call me a bitch because he's done it many times before and that I passed up a willing partner to lose my virginity to. I proceeded to angrily call him a dirtbag because he had taken advantage of girls and physically dropped him in his bed and stormed back to my room where I passed out. The next day at lunch our group was chatty like normal but whenever he attempted to talk directly to me I deflected the conversation to the group. I have the feeling he either didn't remember what happened or that he was trying to apologize without being overt. Am I the Asshole for getting legitimately angry because Joe drunkenly mocked me? Am I the Asshole for still being bitter about it at lunch the next day and not really talking to Joe?"
1081,"AITA for getting upset at my gf for going to a bad place late at night for drugs? As the title suggests, me and and my gf got into a little argument. We're both in college and are semi-potheads. Basically, she's at a bad part of town with some friends to score some bud. It's like 1030 pm as I write this. She didn't tell me or let me know. I'm upset because of that and tell her so. She gets upset and says sorry for hanging out with friends, which I clarify isn't the issue. Rather, her safety is a concern of mine and we both let each other know if we're gonna do something stupid (for instance, I'd let her know if I went to a frat party). She also says to not smoke without her, which she apologized for being a hypocrite for. However, she says she was going to tell me in the morning since a) I'm sick and b) she didn't want to wake me up since she thought I was sleeping, and then lead me to worry about her. I finally told her if she needs anything to call me asap. She acknowledges its a dumb thing to do , and I agree with her. We've always been a team and love each other a lot, despite that we're in college. She's sweet and I don't know why she'd do something like this, but again I know she was keeping me in mind. Am I the asshole here? Is she? Both? Please let me know guys as I'm ready to go fetch her if need be. Even though I don't have a car yet and my parents are asleep I'll let them know the situation, at least."
1082,"AITA For logging into my mom's account to get her tax info? I'm a college student. Being 21, I also need to list her on my FAFSA (Financial aid for those who don't know). I typically get a couple thousand dollars in grants to pay for school. However, I need my mother to do her taxes. I'm still trying to get aid for the current school year, Fall 2016 - Spring 2017. All my paperwork is turned into my school. The only thing I have left is for her to do her taxes for tax year 2015. Not to make excuses, but she's always terrible when it comes to paperwork, or anything with money. I love the lady, but getting her to do stuff like this is painful. She constantly lies about having done stuff until called out on it, then gets angry and yells till you walk away. Anyways, she said she needed to get her school payment info for 2015. She went to local community college (CC). She said she can't get into CC account, which is similar to the one I use at my school to get my 1098-T (Tuition tax form.) She claimed to call them in mid December after harassing her for weeks about it. ""It's in the mail,"" I was told. It's still not here and she dodges any attempt to talk about it. Today, I decided to try and log into her account myself. I was told she didn't know the username or password. It took my less than 10 minutes to figure out how to reset the password. All I needed was the last four of her social and birthday. She claimed they deactivated it because she didn't enroll in the latest semesters. She stopped after one semester, Fall 2014. Bullshit. Also, I found the tax forms needed. Clearly she made no attempt to log in and check, and I'm sure the school would have told her to just do this instead if she had called. But she chose to lie to me. Am I the asshole for going into her account like this? I need her to do her taxes for my FAFSA, but I know this is going to cause a huge argument with her either way. Thought it would be best to hear an outside opinion about this. Edit 2: Thinking about it now, it might have been best to suggest we ""try it"" and do it with her. Might go about that method tonight instead of saying I just logged in myself. That way she doesn't know I actually logged in without talking to her about it first."
1083,"AITA for not leaving my daughter's dance competition because another coach said I looked too much like a girl on his team's dead mother? My two daughters are 9 and 12, and they do competitive dance and cheerleading. This past weekend we were at a big competition with probably 20 other dance teams, and it was at a convention center. There was about three hours between the time my youngest daughter's team and my oldest daughter's team would go on, so we walked around the convention center and got some food to kill time. While we were sitting on the bleachers eating our food, a man came up to us and told us that a girl on his dance team had just lost her mother in an accident two months ago, and that I looked like her to a tee. He showed me a picture on his phone, and I do have to admit I look a lot like this woman. He told me that she had seen me multiple times throughout the day and each time got upset because she thought I was her mom. I didn't really know what to say so I just said 'that's terrible, I'm so sorry for her loss'. Then he said that as 'one dance parent to another' he would appreciate it if I would leave, because my presence was too upsetting to the girl on his team and he wanted to be sensitive to her feelings. I was taken aback and just told him that I was waiting for my 12-year-old's team to go on and I couldn't just leave because then no one would be supervising my 9-year-old. He shrugged his shoulders and said 'I hoped you would do the right thing, I suppose I'll have to go talk to the event organizers'. I was still in shock and my oldest daughter told me we should tell her coach what happened, so we did, because my daughter thought maybe he was trying to somehow sabotage her team? We pointed him out and my daughter's coach said he wasn't the coach of a team they were competing against and not to worry about it, if anyone said anything else he'd deal with them. No 'event organizer' ever came up and asked me to leave, but word got around within the parents of our team, and most parents thought the guy was way out of line but a couple have suggested that maybe I should have just stayed out of the way so the girl on the other team wouldn't have to see me, and that it would have been kinder to do so. A few parents even said that they wouldn't have minded watching my 9-year-old while I waited out in the car. I'm just wondering if I was insensitive to this girl in any way, or if that guy's request was out of line. I thought it was, but if the girl just lost her mom then I wouldn't want to be insensitive. We also might be seeing them again because a lot"
1084,"AITA for abandoning a potential roommate? This is a weird situation, but I'm moving to NYC next week, and I had plans to stay with my cousins for about a week while I look for an apartment. I met a guy online that I've been apartment hunting with for a few weeks, and I'm going to meet him when I arrive. However, plans just changed, and my cousins said I could stay with them for a few weeks, as opposed to just one. The guy that wants to room with me wants to find and move in an apartment within 10 days, but I can't turn down staying somewhere free for a few weeks. I feel terrible, but would I be an asshole for telling him that plans have changed, and that he might have to look for a roommate elsewhere? It still might work, but I feel kind of bad, since we've been talking for so long and it gives him short turn-around. I hope that makes sense."
1085,"AITA for being pissed at my friends? So here's my story: So like my friends I work and I study, and my friends which study with me are now pissed at me because the following events took place: In December we had a paper to turn in, and since one of them was a father recently (Let's call him Joe) and the other one is going trough a hard time (Let's call him Pete), I started doing the paper about 2 weeks before the time ends. I'd do one page, or one paragraph and send it to them by e-mail for them to see what was being made. Anyway this keeps going until Joe tells me by e-mail that I was being an individualist by doing all that by myself, and I was somewhat hurt by that because my intentions were to help them since we have so little time (work and school). I said it was not my intention, I just wanted to get work done since I knew they had less time then I did. Anyway, I stopped working on the paper since I already did so much, and I waited for them to turn something over. But days passed and nothing was done, and they even had time to plan a dinner both of them and their wives. So the day before the deadline at about 8pm they send me their parts for me to put everything together and work on the rest of my part. I did it, but I also sent an e-mail ranting about what happened, since we talked about making everything with time as it should be and not do everything in the last hour as it happened. I also said again that I started doing the paper soon to avoid this, and that the dinner that they both had could wait one more week because the paper had a deadline, the dinner didn't. Joe got pretty pissed at me because of what I said, and so did Pete. This time has passed and things are now awkward because Joe still insists that I had no right in saying what I did, and I am starting to feel pretty bad... But I think true friends should share the good and the bad and I think it's what I did. Maybe I am just a freakin asshole... :| thoughts? Thanks to all that read/reply."
1086,"AITA for being angry at someone who rejected my apology? I was playing table top roleplaying games with a large group of friends, with only one female gamer in the group. There are eight of us all together, and sometimes things can get a little chaotic. The game was pretty exciting and during a big part of an encounter another player and I took a turn together. The GM went next, and did something that incapacitated the female player's character. She was, rightfully so, not happy about it because had tried to act earlier but was talked over by me and the other players. She made her disappointment known multiple times as she tried to figure out what she could do with limited ability. I apologized, several times, and agreed that it was wrong that we had talked over her. Then I turned to the person running the game and asked if we could spend a valuable resource to allow her to have her turn the way she wanted to take it before we rudely talked over her. Her response was,""No, you need to live with your mistake. The lesson here is that women's voices are softer and you need to be more mindful of that in these situations."" I believe that I had made a sincere effort to apologize, take blame, and try to make it right. I was pretty hurt that she rejected my efforts to apologize. I was even angry that she turned it around onto me specifically when others were to blame but stayed quiet. I know that I am the asshole for talking over her, but I just can't seem to let her response to my apology go and feel so angry about it. AITH for being angry at her? Should I let her know how I feel about this whole thing? Edit: I didn't make it clear above, but I and everyone else in the group was not aware that she was trying to speak up and take a turn. I also attempted to do more than just say ""I'm sorry."" I not only expressed how much I was sorry but that I knew how much it sucked to have that happen. I also attempted to suggest a solution to make up for it."
1087,"AITAH for wanting my parents to park at my house? I live about 40 minutes drive from my parents, and the local airport is in between but much closer to me. I am 10 minutes from the airport, and they are 30. Whenever they travel, they ask me to drive them to the airport and/or pick them up. I always suggest they drive to my place and park there while they are away (I have safe, off-street parking) and then I'd drive them from my house. Round trip to/from the airport takes 20 minutes from my house. Round trip to pick them up at theirs is close to 1.5 hours. Also, when I pick them up, my mom asks that I arrive 15 minutes before they want to leave, and then she finishes up getting her stuff organized once I get there. My dad is fine with anything. My mom refuses to park at my house because she shouldn't have to add 20 minutes to her trip when she's already traveling as it is. She wants to get off her plane and go straight home, not deviate 10 minutes in the wrong direction to pick up her car (and then have a 40 minute drive home instead of 30)."
1088,"AITA for saying this to my dad? For context, my dad is a conservative bible-belt christian man, and I'm not any of those things. My dad wanted to debate social justice with me, and how he thought it was a load of shit. I called him out on it. It got to a point where I called him out on calling President Barack Obama the N-word maybe around 50 times during his inauguration. Well moments passed, and he wanted to tell me why. He said a black guy beat him up when he was a kid and took his bike, and for that, he said the black guy was racist and that it was a hate crime. (Here is what I'm wondering about) I told him that it could have been anyone, a white guy, a black guy, anyone. I wanted to say just because he beat him up didn't make him and his entire race racist, but he cut me off, told me to shut up, and said I didn't know shit. Days past and my dad won't talk to me. He laid a letter on my desk basically saying ""If you have THE GUTS to say to me that black people can't be racist, try it."" Obviously, he misinterpreted what I said. It pains me that he has misinterpreted me, and I feel like if I try to talk to him about it, he won't let me speak and he will say that I said all these things. If I write him a letter about, it's gonna prompt him to try to argue with me again. I feel stuck, but I felt like what I said wasn't conveyed correctly and that's what making me stuck. Should I have not said anything at all?"
1089,"AITA for being annoyed/pissed that my boyfriend is talking about Muslims in a negative way all the time? My boyfriend used to be a pro-refugee liberal before the refugee crisis and terrorist attacks happened. Especially the Paris terrorist attack in November 2015 got to him because as he said it, ""Paris/France is a symbol of our values and culture"" and those people were attacking just that. Adding to that the attacks that happened since then, he's become really critical of Islam. I don't think there's anything wrong with being critical, but he's becoming obsessed with it it seems. We're arguing pretty much daily about Islam and refugees. He doesn't like how I don't have a strong black or white opinion on this issue. I do think that there's a problem with Islamic culture, but that doesn't mean we can deny Muslims refuge in our country. We can't look inside their heads, so we must assume the best intentions. And we can't let ourselves become biased because even if a stereotype is true 70% of the time, it's still racist (or xenophobic or whatever) to project this stereotype onto some individual. I'm rambling. What I'm trying to say is that we're arguing daily about this shit. It always happens the same way: he shows me some article about a refugee doing something criminal, acts amused, says things like ""thanks Merkel"", ""religion of peace"", or ""they're all highly qualified doctors and professors right there!"". He knows this rhetoric pisses me the fuck off, so then I'm angry, we start arguing until I leave the room because I'm too pissed. Then sometimes he comes into my room a few hours later, shows me another damn article and tries to argue again. I know he does it to change my view about Islam, but at this point I don't even want to talk to him about this stuff at all anymore. Am I being unreasonable/the asshole here?"
1090,"AITA for trying to confirm whether or not a manager was letting me borrow something 10 hours before an event? So today (Sunday), was an optional office lunch party, where the theme was that everyone would wear casual superhero T-shirts. This event would be followed by a mandatory staff meeting of my department. I don't own any superhero shirts, so I didn't think I would go, but on Wednesday, I heard the manager talking to someone else about his impressive collection of superhero shirts. I was intrigued, and asked him nicely then and there if he was willing to lend me one of his shirts, since we took the same size. He said he was happy too, and we agreed that he would bring it on the day of, I would wear it over top of the shirt I came in for a few hours, and then give it back to him before the meeting started. The whole interaction was very positive. Now we'll skip ahead to Saturday night, or more accurately, 1 AM on Sunday morning. I hadn't spoken about the event to this manager since Wednesday, and I had last been at work on Thursday, so I knew a confirmation message was called for. I was still a little unsure until about exactly that time, though, so I decided to message him on Facebook right away. I texted, and I quote ""I'll be coming to the superhero party tomorrow, so please bring a shirt for me! Thanks"". Not the most formal interaction, I admit, but I thought that because it had already discussed, I didn't need to go through all the formalities, and that doing so again might even be strange. I didn't think he'd be awake to see it, but I knew he only lived a block away from work, and that he would have his bag with him anyways, so it should be no trouble. Anyways, I went to bed and then woke up at 9:45. I saw there was a text from 8:15 that just read ""Are you kidding me?"" This is a somewhat ambiguous message that does lean towards the negative, but I decided not to respond. I should also mention that I largely do not communicate with this manager online, only face to face, and thus did not know their online mannerisms, making me more unsure about how to interpret this message. Anyways, I arrive at the office about 20 minutes before the event starts. A fair amount of people are already there, including the manager. I say hi, and he almost immediately begins chewing me out in front of multiple other staff members. He said he did not appreciate being asked at 1 AM for a shirt of his, and he did not appreciate my ""tone."" He even said he hoped I had been drunk and it had impaired my judgement, to which I stretched the truth and said I had been--in reality, I had had a couple of drinks, but I had felt fairly sober and said basically the same thing I would"
1091,"AITA for putting my daughter first? There's not really a way to sum this up quickly so here goes: I home school my daughter through a virtual school, meaning that she takes classes online for a few hours a day and then we do at home learning for the rest of the day. State law says that she has to have 6 1/2 hours of school per day. For whatever reason most of my family doesn't understand this, they see it as I'm home all day so I should be available anytime to do whatever. For the last year or so my grandma hasn't been taking care of herself, she's in her 90s and lives alone and no one in the family has any kind of power of attorney or legal ability to medically sign for her. She's been falling a lot, not eating, and staying in bed all day and is basically starving herself to death slowly. My mom and my aunt decided that since I don't work I should drive over there ( about a half hour away) and take care of her everyday. I told them that I can't do that because my daughter has to be in school, my daughter also has some learning issues and when things get off schedule she gets really out of whack. So for the last two days they have been mad and trying to make me feel guilty because I won't drop everything and go take care of her. When I tell them that she needs professional help they tell me that she doesn't want that and that they can't make her do anything she doesn't want to. On top of all that I just emotionally don't want to have to go there everyday and sit and watch her die, because like they said, we can't make her do anything she doesn't want to and that includes eating and taking care of herself. Am I the asshole here?"
1092,"AITA for wanting to kick an individual off my Amazon Prime Account, which refuse to chip in for the annual cost? So I’ve had Amazon Prime for the past few years and along the way a few friends, whom I trust absolutely, have been allowed to use it for the free shipping perks. Well the annual fee is about to come out, I’ve realized that I really just don’t use it that much and it’s not worth the cost, at all. I’m perfectly content cancelling it but since they all rely on it I decided on a solution. So I’ve contacted everyone that uses it as (about 3 people in all) and said that if they could chip in for the fee I’d keep it. Well everyone but one person have agreed to chipping in. The conversation went along the lines of Me saying that in order not to cancel it I’m asking people to chip in $25 so that I don’t need to bear the cost. Him saying that I can go ahead and cancel because it’ll stop him from spending his money “haha” Me saying that if he needs a solution to his impulsive spending I could just change the password “haha” Him complaining that it would affect his Amazon Turk stuff (Which, by the way, he went into without my permission on my account, changing my info (I did not use it but he could have at least asked…)) and that he really does not use it too often and that not even all of his purchases are “Prime” eligible My saying that I only agreed to let him use Turk until his own account was verified Him saying that it won’t get verified until next week so I can change it then At which point the conversation tapers off into discussion about passive income stuff. So herein lies my dilemma, would I be an asshole if I changed the password and locked him out of it, or would it cause unneeded animosity since one extra person using it is not really affecting me at all? Also: out of love of the 2 that did agree to help I would keep the account open either way, even if I have to come out of pocket."
1093,"AITA [Hypothetically] for using the true excuse that I'm not compatible to get out of giving a kidney. NOTE: This whole story hasn't happened, and no part of it is true, but I have always wondered if impartial people would agree with me on what is and is not a lie in a case like this. This seems like the perfect sub to ask this question. So if you're willing to answer on those grounds, here's the hypothetical. My father is very sick and needs a replacement kidney. He's on a wait list and may get chosen to receive a suitable donor organ. His doctor says the chances of getting the organ he needs before he dies are quite good, but not good enough to make any promises...and it is certain that there will be a lot of suffering and serious medical procedures necessitated while he waits, so he would be much better off finding a compatible donor to volunteer ASAP. He asked his extended family, including me, and I told him I would take whatever test there is to see if I'm a viable donor. (But to be honest, I know I'm not willing to do it because I'm too much of a coward to really go through with surgery that is not absolutely necessary for my survival.) I take the test and discover that I am not a suitable donor for my father because of some uncorrectable defect and the doctor will not accept me. Here's the question: If I only tell my father about the fact that I'm not a suitable donor, am I a liar, or am I telling the only truth that matters? There's a legitimate medical reason why I can't do it, so I feel my personal selfish reason is totally moot, and I'm not lying when I say I won't do it because the doctor says it's not safe. I've always wondered if people agree with this thinking, and if not, was I an asshole to take the test to begin with? If so, why should this scenario force me to reveal my dark personal shortcomings? TL;DR My dad needs a kidney and I won't give mine because I'm a coward. But it turns out I'm not a suitable donor and CAN'T give it anyway. Am I an asshole for just saying I can't and never admitting that I wouldn't if I could?"
1094,"AITA for calling my brother a stoner loser? My brother smokes weed everyday at least once probably more times although im not sure if he smokes it twice a day, three times or four times but he's a daily smoker. I came home from school and he was obviously high and I was stressed out because we have these things in my school called short period days where we get to leave school early. I missed the morning because in my first class which is philosophy, my teacher was hosting class debates and my teacher said ""If you aren't debating tomorrow, go to the library because I only want the debaters in the room"" so I just decided to not wake up early for school just to go to the library so I decided to stay home for the morning and then go in to the class and when I do go in for the afternoon class it turns out that I was 30 minutes late because the class schedule was rearragned due to the short period day, so my group and I are presenting tomorrow. When I come home my brother starts trolling me by saying things like ""Yup I'm sure you had a short period day and just didn't skip"" and ""I never heard of a teacher sending the students down into the library with no supervision"" so I called him a stoner loser and just left the room."
1095,"AITA for using a regular vacuum cleaner to sweep up kitty litter? The litter-box is now located in our utility closet. It has a linoleum floor, but we obviously have to leave it open so the cat can use it. Often, this means stray litter will get scratched or tracked out onto the carpet in the hallway. I used the regular vacuum cleaner to sweep the carpet immediately outside the closet door and clean up this litter than had been tracked/scratched out. NOW, to my GF, THAT vacuum is forever tainted and she won't use it for any other part of the house. ????? Her argument is the bristles on the vacuum may have come into contact with the stray litter and NOW using that same vacuum will make the carpet elsewhere in the house ""dirty"" as a result. Does this sound reasonable to anyone else? We have not only the cat -- which itself *walks out of the litter and all over the floors* (to say nothing of walking *on us*, all over the furniture, etc), but also a dog which walks outside on the bare ground then tracks whatever back inside. Our own shoes go outside and then come back inside. Birds shit *everywhere*, as do insects. HOW is this hypothetical transmission of ""dirtiness"" from littler-->bristles-->other carpet ANY more ""dirty"" than all of the other potential contact chains? AITA? And for clarification: I did NOT stick the vacuum into the litter-box itself. Just the carpet near the litter-box. I AM NOT BUYING A NEW DAMN VACUUM!"
1096,"AITA for not spending more time with my girlfriend? Hi there, so I started dating this girl like 3 months ago and my sister asked me if I wanted to bring her on the family skiing trip with me. I said yes. Anyway, going into this relationship I was pretty clear that one of the things I'm most scared of is having a suffocating partner. I made it a point that I need my space but I've been feeling like I have trouble actually getting the point across sometimes. Anyway, in the month leading up to this trip we spent time at our homes far apart, but we were talking to each other every day, probably at a minimum of 2-3 hours spaced out throughout the day. I thought it was a lot sometimes, but everytime I tried to get out of it I felt like I kind of got slithered back in. Anyway, by the end of the month leading up to the trip I was feeling a little worn out. I asked her if we could take the three days before the trip to just not talk. And we agreed that was for the best. The first night she dealt with some issues but the second and third nights she called me again almost looking to pick a fight. We argued about something dumb. Anyway going into the first few days of the trip things seemed alright. We spoke and made up the night she got in. Things got worse though when we actually started trying to snowboard. I had never done it before and so she was gonna show me a few things, although eventually we decided to take a class. During the class, she started to get worn out pretty quick and eventually her legs were hurting, so she ended her lesson an hour early. When I finished my lesson, I was sad that she had to go early but I also felt like she was kind of mad at me for keeping on. The next day we tried actually snowboarding down the small slope next to our cabin. After we got to the bottom, she was tired and in pain (what I assumed to be soreness, although according to her after the fact was far more severe) so she decided to stay back. I asked her if it was alright if I went down the ski-lift once more and she said it was (she meanwhile was going to ask my mother to pick her up from the restaurant at the base of the mountain) , but again I felt like she was mad at me. Anyway, from the house, which you can also access via the slopes she messaged me saying she wasn't able to get in touch with my mom. I went looking around the place we rented and noticed that all of the cars were gone and none of the family was around. I figured she was kind of SOL on getting back, but she's an adult with a wallet and a phone. Anyway, she"
1097,"AITA For not being clear with my intentions? So I recently started talking to this girl, and it got to the point where we ended up having sex. From the beginning, I didn't want to get into a relationship with this girl but it seems she didn't understand that. Calling me babe, and sweetheart, and showing up to my house unannounced with food and whatnot. So I came clean, and told her I'm not looking for anything serious, and she got mad. Am I the asshole here?"
1098,"AITA for not getting a friend a present because she never gets me one? I have given the friend the fake name of 'Lucy'. Lucy asks me for a certain present every year for her birthday (usually costing approx £10/$12.1 for 4 years now) but never gets me anything for mine. I know it's the thought that counts and you don't give gifts to receive, however, i am annoyed and hurt about how no thought goes into my birthday, so this year, I just didn't get her anything. AITA for doing this? Update: Have been replying to some comments that may address some questions anyone may have. I have gotten back from the birthday meal for Lucy. Basically, we had the meal, it was very nice and we all paid and i thought she wouldn't mention the fact i didn't get her anything. When the meal had ended, everyone bar me and Lucy got a taxi home (my bf had the car and would pick us both up). She asked if my gift for her was in the post, I then said i hadn't gotten her anything because she seemed to put no effort into special occasions in my life which made me feel unappreciated. Then she started to get annoyed and said she had wanted it and that i was a 'cheap b*tch' when I tried to again explain my feelings. Bf arrived, dropped her off, and she has been posting passive aggressive messages to the group chat."
1099,"AITA for taking a person's clothes out of the dryer when they were still damp because they left the laundromat Did laundry this morning. Jam packed with people. Waited 25 minutes for a washer. After i washed my clothes i was waiting on a dryer. Eventually i got a hold of one. After asking the people if it was theirs, and no one replied that it was, I emptied it. I noticed the clothes were still a bit damp, but i wasn't about to just fill the drier back up and wait for the person to come back since there was multiple other people waiting on the driers, and i had no idea whose clothes these were. So i put the damp clothes in a basket and off to the side, and loaded up my clothes. After i put my money in, the girl whose clothes they were showed up and got mad at me for unloading it when they were still damp. Am I the asshole? Should also be noted that this girl was taking up 2 driers. Edit: Glad to see this got some attention as I feel it is an important issue. Couple of facts: -any time I've been late I've had my clothes moved, I have no qualms with this because it was my fault I was late. (Would you guys be mad if you showed up late to something and your seat you reserved was given away?) -no one had seen the owner of the clothes for a while (not since they put their clothes in) -someone else started removing this person's clothes from another drier (she was taking up 2 driers during ultra busy time) and I followed their lead I have no regrets about not waiting, but I did notice that these clothes were still damp, and maybe I should have given her another minute or two of leeway. My conclusion: I think she was being a selfish asshole for making us all wait and unload her stuff. I think that I could have reacted to her asshole behavior more nicely and gave her more of a cushion. But I was pissed and impatient and so was everyone else in line. I think she was an asshole and it caused me to respond like an asshole. I think what I did was fair, but still asshole-ish. As Gary Gulman would say, ""strict but fair."" I regret nothing. Edit 2: Also, this person could have waited another 15 minutes and put their clothes in another dryer. She chose not to"
1100,"AITA for wanting to stop being friends with Sarah (16) because I defended her sexual rumors only to find out they're true. Sarah (16) has had multiple people saying she ""sucked them off"" and she was always angry about this so I (16) told them to fuck off and sacrificed a lot of social interactions to help her social image. Now Images proved them right and she admitted it."
1101,"AITA for not wanting to go to my cousin's wedding? These are some of my reasons for not wanting to go: I am not close to my family and I haven't seen anyone save my mother in years. I don't think my cousin will be upset (or even notice) if I'm not there. The wedding is in Martha's Vineyard so the travel and lodging expenses alone are more than I can afford. I would be traveling and staying with my mother, which never goes well. I do not like traveling and leaving my dogs in general and haven't taken a vacation in years without them. Do most people want to do things like this with their family, or do you just do things like this because it's family? AITA for being selfish and not wanting to go? edit: Thanks y'all!! This makes me feel better"
1102,"AITA for wanting my live-in girlfriend to not talk on the phone in the morning while I'm trying to sleep? I know how things tend to go on this sub. Even though you're supposed to ""describe **both sides in detail**"", most people can't help but let their personal bias bleed through. This post is long because I'm trying really hard to be upfront about my natural biases, but there's a quick **TL;DR** at the bottom if you want the basic, bias-crammed AITA. I'll (31M) dive right into it: I've been living with my girlfriend (29F) for a year and a half now. We argue here and there like any couple, and have been working on our communication, especially when arguing. I'm a light sleeper. She's a heavy sleeper. Always have been. Always will be. She has an earlier sleep schedule than me, so I'm normally still awake for a while at night after she goes to bed, and she's normally awake in the morning while I'm still sleeping. At night I put on headphones while watching TV after she goes to bed so I don't wake her. She's now telling me that she never asked me to do that, which is true, but I don't want to run the risk of accidentally waking her. Normally, when she wakes up before me she's pretty quiet, but she's woken me up before, because it just doesn't occur to her that she's being loud enough to wake me. I don't think it ever crosses her brain, because I think she cannot fathom how someone could be awaken so easily. Meanwhile I'm quiet as a mouse while she's asleep, because I can't fathom how noise *wouldn't* wake her up. Here comes the asshole part. Last night I went to bed around 3am. (Neither of us have anything to wake up for for a couple of days, so fuck it, I'm staying up and sleeping in.) While she was sleeping, I was my usual mouse-like self. However, this morning she woke up at 8am because she couldn't sleep. I was awoken at 8:30am because she was talking to her friend on the phone. In her defense, she was speaking quietly, but what little bass she has in her voice still travels through the wall of our one-bedroom apartment. Although I couldn't hear what she was saying, it sounded like Charlie Brown's parents were talking in the living room just on the other side of the wall by my head. I continued to try to sleep but couldn't. For the sake of transparency, at this point I'll admit I did a bit of a dick move. I got up and closed the door somewhat loudly to get the point across that she woke me (I didn't slam it, but it was still loud.) I should have said something, but I was clouded by anger and sleepy head. I laid back down in bed for another ten minutes but she kept talking. I got up again, accepting my fate of little sleep. She was still on the phone as"
1103,AITA for accidentally blowing off my sister in law? So little back story I am my fathers 9th child and my mother's only child. So I have a lot of siblings on my dads side that I never met or knew as a kid. About 4 years back I met one of my brothers for the first time and we really clicked. We're like the same person and it was really nice to reconnect with a member of that side my family because I never really knew them. So while becoming close with him I became very close with his wife/ my sister in law. She has always been so nice to me. I had my first child last year and she threw me a beautiful shower no cost. She also has her own photography thing she does and she has taken beautiful pictures of my daughter also free of charge. So I have always kinda felt indebted to her. So yesterday she asked me if she could come over or if the next night ( tonight ) would be better. I'm really not good with last minute plans being a new mom and honestly I'm not the best at keeping plans period ( which might be part of what makes me an asshole). So tonight something came up and my mom needed me to come help her with some things. Not thinking I went over there. At this time my sister in law haddent texted me all day and I honestly forgot about our plans. I look at my phone and I have a missed call and a text from her. She had tired to call me an hour prior to tell me she was coming and I didn't answer. Then I read the text and it's her saying she was almost to my house. I apologize and tell her how bad I feel and that I would be more then willing to stop by her house after I left and planed on giving her any gas money she wasted. I also said if not it was fine and we could meet in a diffrent day. She then text me and tells me it's not fine because she was at my house and that she was going home. I haven't seen her since before Christmas and she had gotten me and my daughter some gifts she left on my porch. They were really nice and that made me feel even more like an asshole. I have apologized profusely and said how bad I felt and she is ignoring me. Am I the asshole for thinking she's being a little bitchy to me?
1104,"AITA for trying to get the most out of selling my Xbox One? I'm selling a 500 Gb Xbox One with games and accessories. A chat pad/ headset dongle, headset, battery packs, Titanfall 2, Gears 4, Skyrim Special Edition, Batman Arkham Knight, Fallout 4, Master Chief Collection. If you bought this used at Gamestop and with tax it'd easily be $450+. I posted it on Craigslist at $400 NEG (meaning price negotiable). Two people have texted me whining about the price. One guy said you can get those games for $25...Yeah right! Show me where Skyrim, Gears, or Titanfall are 25. Besides, I said the price is negotiable so its annoying that these people come right out whining to me rather than just try to barter. I've since reposted the price at $380 and still negotiable to hopefully cut down on the whiners. Idk its just annoying, like I said its negotiable..whining to me just means I'm not going to deal with you. AITA? Also, my girlfriend said my original post was douchey cause I basically said ""This is a good deal but if you feel like talking the price down try"". AITA for this?"
1105,"AITA for asking the seller to come down on the price after I looked at what he was selling? I just bought a camper shell for my small truck. It was in another city and he said it was in good used condition and I asked the seller to take off 50$ from the selling price and he said he'd take off 25$. I drove to his city and when I was looking at it I could tell it needed to be cleaned really well and needed some other TLC. Also it was slightly a different color than I thought (light silver vs white). We started to take the camper off his truck and I said ""we need to talk about the price"" He got super angry and acted like I was going back on the deal we made over the phone and told me ""nobody was jewing him"" (which I found incredibly offensive). I was in another city tho and I stammered ""I just want a fair price for everyone - just let me think about it"". I waited for a bit and he looked at some other prices on Craigslist and then told me he'd give me the price I'd asked for. Was I an asshole for talking about the price before I saw it? Edit: I wasn't trying to change the price by pausing and thinking about it. I was genuinely thinking about it - not a negotiating tactic. But looking back I definitely implied that I was gonna pay the original price on the phone before looking at it. Chock it up to inexperience, but it was an asshole move. I'm pretty new to buying off of Craigslist and I pretty much hate it right now cause I feel like we were both assholes!"
1106,"AITA for denying her like this? Back to the land of Elementary school, 6th grade to be exact, one of my best friends was a girl. (And I'm a boy) Let's call her Stephanie/Steph. Our relationship was pretty average for a different gender relationship. I'd usually tease her about something, she'd tease me back, borderline flirting, but me being in the 6th grade I would've never called it flirting. So towards the end of the school year, graduation only a few weeks away, Steph passes me a note in class. We always pass notes, no biggie. To avoid detection of the teacher, I hold off on reading the note for a bit. A few seconds pass and Steph whispers, ""Read it, it's important."" Stealthily as I could, I unfold the note just enough to read what's scribbled on it. ""Want to go out?"" I quickly close the note back up. I've watched enough Disney Channel to know Highschool relationships never work out, let alone Elementary school relationships. Plus, the idea of a relationship freaked me out/sounded ridiculous at age 12. Minutes pass, and we're let go for free time. She immediately confronts me. ""Did you read it?"" In a tone I usually use to tease her with I quickly reply, ""Y'know what? I'm not gonna read this note."" I crumple the paper up and throw it in the trash. My defense: It's the 6th grade, no way it lasts all the way through middle school+high school. We'd definitely ruin our relationship. Handling things this way, I wouldn't have to flat out friend-zone/deny her, and we could move past it.Probably broke her 6th grade heart though. AITA for handling things the way I did?"
1107,"AITA for wanting to use my brother's computer occasionally? So, a little context. I'm currently graduated from secondary school and waiting to get into a college. Once I'm in college, I'll get a laptop for school work. There's about 3 months till it starts. My (younger) brother took up a part time job recently and used his pay to buy a new computer. He replaced the old computer, which our dad had bought for the two of us to use, and everything that was hooked up to the old computer, keyboard, mouse, printer monitor, was connected to the new one. Now, I wouldn't mind using the old computer, but the thing is there are no other monitors, keyboards, mouses, etc in our home and I feel it is unfair I have to fork out money just to use the same computer I've always been using. What's more, there isn't enough space in the house for another computer setup. I just want to occasionally use it to play a bit of Overwatch/TF2 from time to time, as well as maybe write a few blog posts. I understand he worked and earned the money to buy the computer and it is completely his, I just want to use it for three months because it is the only computer in our household I can use. I have brought it up to our father a couple of times. The first time, my brother agreed to let me use it, but after a few days of complaining about why I logged out from his Steam/Spotify/Facebook, he locked it again. I just brought it up to our dad again and after a small argument where my brother insisted the computer belonged to him, my father said he'd pay him the full cost of the computer. He said he didn't want our household to become one where we fought over and refused to share our stuff. If he gave my brother the money for it, then it belonged to him was his logic. I feel bad for making a big fuss over something so inconsequential and I do feel like I'm in the wrong somewhat, but I don't think it is completely my fault. I really want an outsider's perspective on this matter and tell me if I'm being an ass."
1108,"AITA for taking another guy's BF to a hotel and comforting him after his BF walked out? Here me out on this. There is more than a bit of nuance. Sorry if this is long. I'll a tl;dr at the bottom but I feel weird about this. I'm giving everyone fake names to make the story easier to follow. Me: Andy Guy 1: David Guy 2: Jacob So through a mutual friend I met another couple, David and Jacob, (*we are all gay*) at an event two of us were working at a bar (*myself and David *) while his boyfriend Jacob hung out and had some beers while we worked. I don't normally work in the bar but it was a special event to raise money and we were both volunteers. Anyway, throughout the night David was greeting people and doing his door thing and I was working behind the bar but we would relieve each other when we needed breaks but we talked before and after and we had a ton in common. At the same time his Jacob kept coming up and chatting with me and I liked him as well. He had a lot of personality and they both were really nice, smart, around my age and attractive. Jacob pulled me aside at one point and said something along the lines of ""hey, I don't really know how to say this without coming off strange but there is something about you I really like. You are funny, nice and I find you really attractive. You should also know that I told David that about you and we have an agreement that we can play around with other guys if we talk about it. So... just throwing that out there if you are ever interested but if you just want to be friends that is cool too."" I was flattered and a little surprised because I wasn't expecting that because my mind was more focused on hustling to get drinks out to the partrons so while it was in the back of my head I kept doing my work serving drinks. After we finished they asked me to have some drinks with them so I said ""of course"". At the very least I felt like I could make some new friends and honestly I thought ""hey, maybe these guys both want to have sex with me and what the hell. It could be a lot of fun and I'm single and they are cool with it so why not."" So we are all having some laughs and fast forward later Jacob gets really strange and he says something like ""I hate myself, I'm so awkward, etc."" and I was kind of surprised because I didn't think that at all. I told him ""no, you are great. I think you are a nice guy and I'm glad we met. Don't say those things about yourself."" He brightened up but later got strange again and disappeared. I don't know where he went and I asked David ""if he was okay"" and"
1109,"AITA for thinking this girl should at least say my bad? Hello, asshole here. Put a story on her a couple weeks ago and got so many opnions that I decided to post again. So here's a little back story for this. I'm a happily married stay at home mother. The only man's number I have in my phone besides my husband's is family. I dont Facebook and I really have no life outside of my family. Reddit is the only form of social media ( if you can call it that) I use and I found it thru my husband. So you can imagine my surprise when last night between midnight and 1am I get a call from an unknown number. It appeared to be out of state. So I didn't answer and sent a text saying who's this? Shortly after that I receive a voicemail from this number. And...just...wow there is some woman screaming in hysterics on my voicemail. Calling me a hoe telling me her and her "" man "" had been together for ten years. Couldn't understand much else through the hysterical screaming other then she said I was "" waisting my time and my....pussy? So i send this number a text saying my name was in fact not her "" man's "" mistress and I have never seen the number in my life. Haven't heard anything since. Tried to call after that voice mail to let her know she had the wrong number and I'd appreciate if she would not leave crazy voicemails on my phone and got the recording telling me that the voicemail had not been set up. This woman called someone she didn't know and who doesn't know her and "" her man "" from Adam. Not to mention then berraided that person when obviously you didn't even know if it was for sure who you were looking for. If I did that to someone I would feel so bad and apologize to that person for the crazy ass voice mail I left. Am I the asshole for thinking it she should at least say "" oops wrong number my bad ""?"
1110,"AITA for not hanging out Sweet and short of it is, my friends rely on me to hang out because no one else can host at their house. However, I didn't feel like cleaning up my apartment (also I really wanted to spend most of my night masturbating) just to hang out for the night and said I didn't want to. They got passive aggressive for a bit. For context it's winter otherwise they'd be hanging out outside"
1111,"AITA for cleaning up after/around my flatmate and it makes her feel like she is a slob About 4 months ago I asked my friend to move in with me and my boyfriend. We had a spare room and didn't really need to rent but I knew she'd just changed jobs so couldn't afford much, plus I thought it would be nice to have her around and we'd be helping her out rent wise. The apartment is brand new and costed quite a bit (my bf owns it) and shortly after she moved in I got annoyed because she didn't seem to be as conscious or careful/caring of the property as I/we would have liked her to have been (or as much as we are). She's not messy at all - but it was the little things that added up like: 1) breaking a mug and didn't tell us or offer to replace (we wouldn't have minded but an offer to telling us as a min. would have been appreciated) 2) she roasted a chicken (totally okay) but didn't use any foil and grease splattered all over the inside of the oven, she said she would clean but then didn't and then got upset later when we asked if she could please use foil because ""ovens aren't meant to be cleaned"" 3) leaves minor chocolate stains on the couch, she probably doesn't notice because they are small but I end up dabbing to them out Now she's a great flatmate, always wants to cook for us or her friends, chatty and actually really clean compared to a lot of people. But I got a bit OCD/paranoid from things like the examples above, and instead of confronting her I just started to clean around her (like sweep the laundry after she left a bit of powder on the floor or clean out the laundry when she left a clump of solidified powder in there). Yesterday we both finally reached our limit and argued about it and she said that she doesn't feel like it's her home and she's stressed all the time because I'm cleaning after/around her and she doesn't think she's messy at all. She's always trying to make sure things are clean more than normal now and I've been basically awful to make her feel like that. Also we do have a weekly cleaner and she doesn't understand why she needs to be super clean if we pay someone to come around (okay, I get that) I agreed maybe I can tune back the OCD. But she feels like she has an equal share to the flat because she does pay rent. But ultimately I feel like my bf owns the flat and we should be grateful we pay so little rent and repay the gratefulness by making sure everything is really well looked after. I hate that I've turned into ""that"" kind of ""landlord"" to live with (I get that I don't even own the house but trying to manage my bfs feelings of his property) and I am ashamed"
1112,"Aita for lashing out at my friend? So a lil background, I've been friends with this girl for 3 years (let's call her Jen). We are both 17 and in high school. I've always been sort of the shoulder to cry on (deep in friend zone) guy to Jen. I've had a massive crush on her the entire time I've known her but because a friend of mine broke the ""bro code"" and dated her (but that's a different story I have never tried anything with her. Okay I have always helped her out through all of her problems including ones related to her former boyfriend. Which I didn't really mind because we were and are close friends. So ever since Jen broke up with her ex, she has slowly grown some sort of attraction to me. Until it has grown to a point where she admitted she wants to have something with And despite admitting this she will not give me a shot. But the thing that has been slowly kinda bothering me is she still expects me to do all the ""couple things"" like hold her hand, squeeze her leg, put my arm around her, hug her for a long time etc. So this is began to annoy me because I can feel myself slipping deeper into that friend zone I've been in for so long despite my best attempts. This all boiled down until a few days ago when I finally asked her out and told her how I felt about doing the ""couple things"" which resulted in me lashing out a bit after she said that she still wants to do all of these things but she won't have anything with me right now. With her explanations being she is scared of her ex, she is scared of what her mom will think and she's scared she'll lose me. So my questions are 1. AITA for lashing out at her for wanting me to essentially date her without the promise of a relationship 2. AITA for not wanting to do all of these ""couple things"" with her Any help is appreciated I just feel awful for lashing out"
1113,"AITA for dumping a guy because his friends are awful Been seeing a guy for several weeks. Broke things off because his friends would always talk trash about me behind my back to him, and would tell him to leave me. I don't want to ask him to choose between me and his friends, some of whom he has been close to since childhood. Am I in the wrong when the guy has not done anything wrong?"
1114,"AITA in these scenarios? Yes this is petty shit. But this shit happens ALL THE TIME and I want to know if im the one at fault and need to change my actions. Roommate comes in and asks ""If I order pizza do you want some and would you be willing to pick it up for me?"" I say ""Sure but I wouldnt be able to pick it up for about 15 minutes"" (its about 4 pm right there) He says it will be ready at 4:15 pm. Perfect. At 4:10 he asks me to go get it and that it will be ready when i get there and I say ""I said I wouldnt be able to and they arent ready yet"" Then 4:12 rolls around and he asks me to go get it again. This happens again at 4:15. And i leave when I finish and they are ready and he says ""they are just sitting there now"" This shit happens all the time. Am I the one at fault and need to be more flexible?"
1115,"AITA for leaving a negative feedback on a seller? I bought a SIM card online because I got a new phone and my old SIM didn't fit. I ordered it last week and have been anxiously waiting. The seller supposedly shipped it the next day, but there was no tracking. More than a week past by. I gave up on waiting and ordered from another seller. I received it in 3 days from the other seller. I went ahead and got refund from the first seller and left a negative feedback as he made me wait more than a week for nothing. However, I just found out that this guy actually shipped my SIM in a letter envelope, it arrived earlier this week on Monday but my family thought it was just a normal letter and put it in a pile with other mails (we get a lot of spam mails) so i didnt know about it. I think leaving a neg is reasonable because had he not been cheap about it and shipped it as a parcel with tracking like the other seller did(not to mention he charged more than the other seller did), i would have known that it had arrived and wouldn't have wasted my time waiting for nothing. Edit:typo Edit2 : ya right I offered to pay him back + retract the feedback."
1116,"AITA if I'm insisting on not getting a cat for our house I live with two girls, one is insisting on getting a cat and the other agrees because she likes animals. I blatantly said no because I don't like cats and I don't want to live with one. They argue that it's a majority vote, but I say that we didn't talk about pets in our lease and this is something that should be unanimous if it's involving a shared space. They have threatened many times to just buy the cat anyway. One of the roommates has a rabbit that I'm okay with because it always stays in her room. To me, the cat is different because it would inhabit a shared space. Am I the asshole? Edit: we signed the lease already saying no pets, but the one roommate already broke it with the rabbit"
1117,"AITA for not saying ""excuse me""? Nothing big but kind of got to me: Earlier today, I was on the New York Subway. A man in his 60s sat down next to me. While crossing my leg and reading something on my phone (in other words, not really paying attention), I accidentally and, let me emphasize, lightly tapped his leg with my shin. Man bends down and wipes his pant leg. He makes me take out my headphones and lectures me on how I didn't apologize or excuse myself. I said, ""I'm sorry I didn't realize I did that."" He said that's the reason why he bend down to wipe the alleged dust of his pants, even though he was wearing some patterned pants so wouldn't be visible. I said I was sorry again. I was very thrown off and it dampened my mood especially since it was light; It's not like I kicked him. Plus, people step on and nudge into me all the time on the subway and I don't care. I feel like that's a hazard you expect on public transport. Anyway, was that really worth the dramatic reaction I got from him? Making me take out my headphones and be stern with me? Plus I'm pretty apologetic in situations; It was just this one time where I didn't excuse myself."
1118,"AITA? Battle of Vibrations! Who's Asshole is shittier? (Music Volume Etiquette..or lack thereof) So, I am staying at homeless shelter for elderly and vets, and there's a computer room that the residents can use. I am an aspiring musician, and I often come here to do some research personally for my self development as a person and for my music. Due to being a broke ass bitch, I don't have money for headphones at the moment. So, I have to listen to my music off the CPU's built in speakers, which can carry a little bit if it's relatively quiet but not by any means clear or boisterous and I always try to keep it at about half for the sake of others. Not loud enough to put vocals down or anything but enough to catch the gist of track and get my creative juices going. But, there's this guy who for all intensive purposes call him Tom. Every time Tom walks into the computer, I sigh a breath of impending aggrevation to myself. He has an affinity to only use one computer (Background Info. Digression: the shelter is pretty run down, but in comparison to the other options in town its the ""Taj Mahal"" of homeless shelters), anyway, the computer room has bedbugs. (Some Taj Mahal, js.) I know someone has seen the a bed bug in the chair on the left side of the two man station where the computers are situated. So Tom tends to lean toward the left side of the computer station. {Which seems ridiculous to me, since the bedbugs are just going to stay to one side of the room when the whole shelter has them}. If someone happens to be on the right side of the station when I arrive, and leaves before Tom does, or right as Tom does. Her will wait, and for me to get off the right side of the computer even though there is a completely and equally infested computer right across from me. He tells me that he saves his files on the computer on the right side. But the computers are wiped daily at two in the morning. (shelter doesn't want people saving on the computers). So I doubt that is the reason. In any event he argues that for some inexplicable reason it saves his files on this computer. But the real kicker is that he plugs his LOUD speaker to the CPU, and blasts his music or listens to news and conspiracy theories for HOURS at a time with no consideration of anyone else at all. If I turn the computer up to a 100 percent I can't even hear my music, and if I could it's a conflict of ODDISEE and Issa Gold from my side and Stevie Wonder and The Whispers and various country artists and Alex Jones that swell into this ear bleeding cacophony of soulful hell. I can't get any work done with this, and unfortunately I don't have an ID (lost my wallet) so I can't just escape and go to"
1119,"AITA for being furious at my ex girlfriend? I should probably start with a background. We are both college freshman who were in a relationship for 2.5 years before we got to college. The first semester was rough, she danced and grinded on one of her guy friends, and she was drinking more than ever (which is expected, it got annoying though). I broke up with her over Thanksgiving break. I felt terrible a few days after because I didn't really even give her a chance to fix things. She knew I was having problems, but I blindsided her, so I asked if she wanted to try again. Fast forward to Winter Break. Things are still a little shakey, so I offer her two options: we can try again, or we can take a break and see if this is what we really want. She chose the second option, and I was fine with that. We agreed to keep in contact but not as much, and we would be allowed to do stuff with other people aside from oral or sex. I try texting her the first whole week, but she keeps blowing me off until last Thursday. She calls me and asks to break up. I asked her if this had to do with her friend that she grinded on (how I was suspicious of for a long time), and she said yes. I was sad to break up but devastated that it was because of him. I text her a few days after for a better explanation, and I find out that two days after she broke up with me, she had sex with him. It took us 2.5 years to have sex. I'm absolutely furious, and she says that I have no right to judge her and she wants to be friends. I can't even look at her the same way. Is she right at all? Am I an ass who bought this situation upon myself? Or is she the ass for... well everything above?"
1120,"AITA for slamming the door in my neighbor's face? This is a little convoluted so as background information, I live in a very small HOA run community. Our rules state that no resident may park in a way that could impede another from exiting/entering their residence. Everyone tries to be courteous but we only have one car spot in the 2 car garage (since our washer and dryers and water heater are located in the garage and state law says a barrier to prevent a car hitting the any of that must be in place before a car may be parked on that side of the garage). We also have a parking lot of 11 spaces for 12 units that is always packed. So this all started the day my boyfriend and I moved into our new house. Now, I grew up in the South and maybe things are different in other places, but generally you welcome new neighbors to the neighborhood. We bought a house in California and day one, while we're moving in, our neighbor comes over and tells us not to park in the left spot in front of our garage because she has trouble pulling out of her garage if a car is there as the houses sit perpendicular to eachother. No hello, no introduction, no welcome to the neighborhood, just ""Don't park there."" Okay....nice to meet you too. Of course, I don't want to make a stir, because I'm not one to cause a scene so I just smile and ensure her we'll make sure not to park there. And we don't. It's super inconvenient for us because at the time we had three cars so one goes in the garage, one on the right side of the drive and the third just has to hope there's a spot open in the parking lot. We've lived here for over a year now. Twice a car was parked there out of necessity (my boyfriend) because there were no spots available. The first time, she came over and asked that we move the car. And I moved it for her right then and appologized. The second, much later, I left the house to get the mail and she is standing there waiting and starts yelling at me about needing to leave her house and having to wait on me. Apparently she had rung our doorbell, which had broken a week prior so I had no idea she was waiting for me to move my car. Why she didn't knock, I have no idea. I have dogs and they would have barked a few times if someone knocked so I know she didn't. My boyfriend had moved my car to do some work in the garage and forgot to tell me so I had no idea there was a car in her way. Her attitude was passing me off but I again apologized and moved the car for her, very politely. Now I want also add that this lady leaves her house maybe once a month and a car in"
1121,"AITA for not wanting my boyfriend to leave his deodorant out on the counter? Pretty much just what the title says. My boyfriend has a habit of leaving his deodorant on the counter instead of in the bathroom. I asked him if he could leave it in the bathroom and he said he likes it on the counter. Then I asked if he could maybe put it on his desk then if he wanted it out in the living area. He then told me to put my purse and pictures and decorations on my desk instead of the counter if that's how I felt about it. I told him it's not because it's his item but because it's something that gets spread on his armpits so it's more a sanitary thing that just having stuff lying around. So tell me, am I the asshole for asking him not to leave his deodorant on the counter? Edit: KITCHEN counter people, not in the bathroom. My bad for not specifying. In any case, I've decided I'm either going to back down completely and learn to live with the minor annoyance, or I might offer that if he keeps it on his desk instead I'll fix/move something of mine that annoys him. Evensie stevensie."
1122,"AITA for wanting my friend to step away after she's been smoking? I don't smoke, I don't like the smell of smoke and one of my best friends, (we'll call Melody) knows this. Earlier this week I'm waiting in a bar for her, (not drunk we'd just arrived) and Melody comes in smelling very strongly of smoke and I ask if she could just take a step or two back away from me. I honestly don't think she heard me, but we were talking about a friend at the time and she asks for me to text his number to her. I say yeah, and then repeat can she just take a step back because she smelled of smoke. Melody says that she will take a step away if I just text her the number. I get peeved right then because I have asked twice and I tell her I will send her the number if she takes a step or two back. She says I'm being mean and doesn't understand why I can't give it to her right then. I say I don't understand why she can't take a step back anyway, because I'm texting her the number, it's not like I have to physically hand it to her. Melody says that if I had just given her the number to begin with she would've walked away. I tell her that was unlikely since 1) we were in the middle of a conversation and we only knew each other there and 2) she wasn't going to call him, she hates talking on the phone and it was 11 at night, he's probably sleeping. The most she was going to do was text him. She says nothing to this and we're both obviously annoyed and she still refuses to move away so I put my phone back in my pocket. She vows to follow me around for the rest of the night. There's literally like thirty seconds of silence between us before our other friend, Brant, comes and notices the tension, and Melody immediately tells him that we had a fight because ""FeonixPheathers is being a douchebag and won't give me So&So's number because he says I smell like smoke."" Brant doesn't even listen for my side, but for the rest of the night they call me a douchebag and make jokes that people shouldn't smoke near me since I'm a cigarette nazi. Honestly, we made up like a minute after that altercation, but it's been eating at me because she said I was being rude by asking her to step away. Was I the asshole? EDIT: In fairness, I would have stepped a way myself, but I was sitting down in a crowded bar when she came in and she was standing which is why I didn't think it was a big deal for her to just take a step back. EDIT 2: And yes I realize I was basically calling Melody ""smelly"" But she *was* smelly. She reeked of cigs that she chose to smoke. It isn't like she doesn't"
1123,"AITA for wanting a thank you after hunting down boyfriend's dog? My boyfriend lives in an apartment, and when the dog started whining to be let out, I offered to take him to pee. He had warned me previously that the dog will sometimes deliberately slip his collar and make a run for it. I try to be mindful of this whenever I walk him. After the dog had done his business, I was encouraging him back up the apartment stairs when he stood and looked at me for a second. Then he jerked his head, popping his collar off, and took off like a bullet. Without knowing what to do and afraid we'd never find him if I lost sight of him, I bolted after the dog. I chased him for blocks and blocks through the suburbs, cutting through peoples' backyards, through fields, through the bad part of the neighborhood, and finally edging onto the main roads. The dog avoided me like his life depended on it, and I lost sight of him multiple times but kept going. At one point a woman gave me a ride in her car to catch up with him. Eventually, the dog made a mistake, and I was able to catch him in a fenced-in garden. I have asthma, and I was red in the face and in pretty bad shape by this time, still wearing my winter jacket. The dog was frothing at the mouth from exertion. Getting back was its own ordeal. I didn't know where I was and had to stop and ask for directions back home. Eventually, I made it back to the apartment. A five-minute pee break had taken something like 45 minutes to an hour. I thought my boyfriend might be out looking for us by this point. When I got inside, he was still where I'd left him, sitting on the couch watching TV. Winded, I dramatically recanted the adventure I had just been on. I took my jacket off and jokingly threw it at him (I apologized for this later). I was a little irritable and put-out from all the effort, but not angry. I was looking for some kind of sign of appreciation from my boyfriend for going to (what I felt) was a big effort to get his dog home safe. Instead, he reminded me that he had warned me that the dog could slip his collar. He seemed annoyed with me. We got into a fight. He told me that when I choose to walk the dog, he is MY responsibility, and chasing him down was the right thing to do, not something I should expect a thank you for. He called me vain and said I was acting entitled. What do you guys think? Was I acting like a brat?"
1124,"AITA for not wanting to give my father the whole package of coffee my mother gave me for Christmas? I will try to include every detail without making the post too long. I went to my father's house at the beginning of January. Among my Christmas presents there were three packages of imported coffee: two big ones (standard coffee bags), one from Ethiopia and other from Vietnam and one small, much exclusive, from Yemen. I brought them to my father's house and shared with him these coffees. I told him to freely take them whenever he wanted a coffee. At the end, we consumed half of the Ethiopian and the Yemenese (he didn't like the Vietnamese). The day I left, my father was going to take me by car to where I currently live. Before we left, he asked: ""Hey, can you give me some coffee?"". I said yes, and as I was proceeding to gave him half of the Ethiopian coffee (his favourite) when he insisted that I should give him the whole package. I told him that I had shared with him all the coffee during all the days we were together, and that the coffee is actually a present from my mom, who intended that I enjoyed it. I don't mind sharing, but giving it away just seemed wrong to me. He told me that that was miserable, mean, niggard; and that he is my father. Moreover, in the end I had to take a taxi to my house because he refused to take me home. ""Gasoline costs money and it's mine"", he said."
1125,"AITA for not wanting to talk about my in laws any more? So this will be really long, so bear with me. I'm going to try to condense it down without any flowery details or anything so I apologize if things get lost or hazy. I've been with this same guy since we were really young (think early teens). We both come from somewhat broken homes. His mom was a meth addict, and the story is pretty complicated but essentially his father left, remarried and got custody of the kids. Kids disassociate from mom and his siblings essentially tell her that they want to cut contact completely. Years and years later, MIL gets sober, gets a great job, cleans up her act. FIL, Step-MIL and co. get pretty toxic for a multitude of reasons, one being that we decided to accept MIL back into our lives. Eventually we decide the toxicity is too much, and we cut contact from FIL, Step-MIL and siblings. It's been about a year and MIL still tries to reach out to us for us to comfort her when she tries to look up her kids and ex (especially since there are a few news articles about one of her kids achievements). She often tries to ask us how they are doing, if we are ever going to contact them again, any news, etc. Every time we clearly tell her that we have cut contact and do not wish to speak about them. MIL just stopped smoking about a week ago and reached out to me the morning, the text convo goes as follows: MIL: Hope I'm not bugging u. I'm just having a rough morning. Wanted to say love u ❤❤ Me: Love you too. Sorry to hear about the tough morning, want to tell me about it? MIL: Googled [daughter] name and saw articles about her and [father]. I missed out on so much. Can't stop crying. Quitting smoking is hard! Lol Me: wow yeah sounds like it You gotta stop googling your ex It's like classic breakup 101 MIL: ???? Me: She's cut off from you. You know that you can't keep clinging and obsessing. MIL: Wow That was a few hours ago and I feel so badly on how I handled it. I'm tired of hearing about my in laws and talking about it, but at the same time I feel like I should apologize. But I'm not sure if I broach the subject again it would open the door to talking about them more. Tldr; AITA for shutting down my MIL for trying to talk about her kids that me and my husband are NC from and that she lost custody of when they were children?"
1126,"AITA for implying the night was over while my friend was hours into talking about her breakup? I had a group of friends over for game night during the week. There were about 10 of us total and the majority left at 10:30pm. The guy I'm seeing hung back as he was planning on spending the night, and a female friend didn't seem to want to leave so I offered her to stay and chat as we wouldn't be going to sleep right away. She just went through a breakup about 2 weeks ago and since then, I've discussed the situation with her in person and via text on three separate occasions. It was obviously on her mind, so she started the relationship story from the beginning to get my date up to speed (he is friends with her also, albeit not as close). The conversation dragged on and before I knew it, it was 12:15am. I have to be up at 5:45am everyday for work (10 hour shift) and the kitchen was still full of dishes from dinner, so I walked into the next room and started washing while my date and friend continued the conversation about her feelings. Right as I was finishing up the dishes, she came into the kitchen to tell me she was heading home. I had intended to let them know they could stay up as long as they wanted, but I was going to sleep as soon as I finished cleaning (but it never came to that). My date came into the kitchen after and essentially said that it had been sort of rude of me to walk away in the middle of the conversation since it's obviously still fresh for her and she wanted people to talk to about it. He said he would have stayed up and washed dishes after she left since he knew how exhausted I was. I explained that this wasn't the first time she and I have discussed the situation and I felt she was catching him up more so than discussing it with me, but he suggested that next time I be more sensitive to the situation. I ended up going to bed a little after 1am. So reddit, AITA for starting to clean up and implying that the night was over for me while my friend was talking about her break-up?"
1127,"AITA for not calling my sister anymore? My sister is three years older than me and lives about an hour away. We usually get along pretty well, but she's always needed to have the upper hand in our relationship. For years now, it's been irritating me that she rarely picks up the phone when I call her. She'll call back, but it can be a few days later. I already follow all the ""rules."" I don't call in the evening or on weekends because it's pointless. She won't pick up during those times no matter what. This already bothers me because I know I couldn't count on her in an emergency. Plus, I know she's not that busy. There's no way she's completely occupied from Friday afternoon all the way through Monday morning. Last time I called her was in late December, for three days in a row, and it was actually important but, of course, no answer. The kicker is, I was actually calling because I was trying to help her out. I had something time-sensitive that she needed to know but she blew me off. I don't feel bad that I wound up never telling her. I have seen her since then- once at my parent's house and once at her house for her kid's birthday party. I was perfectly nice both times and acted like nothing was wrong and we got along fine. She must have picked up on the fact that I'm not talking to her by now but I know her and she won't ask. Any time I've gotten mad at her in the past, I always wind up sucking it up and going back to status quo with no confrontation. This time, I really can't be bothered. I'm sick of wasting my time basically waiting for whatever scrap of attention she feels like giving me. I am done putting in all the effort and being the one who compromises. I guess my question has two parts: AITA for not calling or AITA for not telling her why I stopped calling? Or neither?"
1128,"AITA For getting angry at my SO for leaving Pinesol mixed with water in a water bottle? He cleaned the kitchen floor today and when I got home from school I was so grateful! (I hate cleaning the floors) A half hour later I took him to work. When I came home I went to tidy up the kitchen counter a little. I put away the Pinesol container he left on one counter, then went to refill the water bottles to put them back in the fridge. (When we but water bottles we drink, and put the empty/ half empty warm water ones next to the sink to be used again. Don't worry, we only do this with each twice or three times.) Ok so I don't even really think about what I'm doing, cuz it's the same thing I always do. I open up one of the water bottles to take a drink of some of the water left in it before I refill it.... and... mouth full of Pinesol/water mix! I got upset and called him at work to tell him he shouldn't leave poison nest to places that we put stuff we eat and drink. ESPECIALLY in an unmarked container/no warning/ water bottle that looks almost exactly the same as the ones next to it! I should mention we live with an elderly lady and a small child... So he tells me it's my fault because I shouldn't have drank it. ""Why didn't you notice the color was a little yellow? Why didn't you smell it?"" I told him I wouldn't expect for anything like that to be up there. I can't believe he thinks he's right and thinks it's my fault. Some outside opinions would really help gage it unbiasedly. Please help! Am I the asshole?"
1129,"AITA For Not Caring That My Wife Hates It When I Travel For Business Male, Aged 26: Ok, I will try and make this sound as unbiased as possible. I run a start-up company with my business partner and we semi-regularly travel away on business, we travelled 2 times in 2016 and likely to travel 3-4 times in 2017. We have sold our biggest order so far a few days ago (woo! it's only 8k but it's massive to us) and now we need to deliver it to Spain. - One option is we pay for delivery as usual and they will receive it in a few weeks. - Another is to hire a large van and deliver it ourselves, that way we save a small amount of money on the delivery and we get to demo our other products to the buyer. Needless to say, the second option sounds much more fun, which is the main reason we want to do it. My wife HATES it when I travel, whether it is for work or on the occasional boys trip with my friends - she will always find a reason to not approve of it. She say's things like ""Am I not enough for you"", ""Why do I always have to miss out"", ""You don't even want to go to America"" or ""You have it so easy"" etc. She says this despite us going on holiday 2 or 3 times a year and her going on the occasional trip away with her friends. Am I the asshole for disregarding her opinion and largely doing what I want to do in life? Some facts which may sway your opinion: - We don't have Children - We earn the same salary - She dislikes my business partner - She thinks I have never done a hard days work in my life - She is kind of a jealous person and spends a lot of time focussing on what other people have edit: Thank you for the responses, I am finding this really useful. Fundamentally, what I think is causing this issue is she is unhappy in her career and doesn't have as much freedom as I do. She then has to come home and in her mind see me being semi-successful and doing exciting things without really working for it - obviously this is not the case."
1130,"AITA for being mad my roommate for not telling me my timer went off? I spent like five hours today making bread - mixing it, kneading it, letting it rise, kneading it again and letting it rise again. I popped it in the oven and put on a timer. Unbeknownst to me, my roommate went downstairs and when the timer went off, she turned it off, she didn't do anything with the oven or bread, texted me to tell me my timer went off, even though I'm right upstairs, and proceeded to just go about her business. I didn't receive the text because I didn't have my phone on me. I realized I hadn't heard the timer go off and went downstairs to check and the bread was way overdone, just a shade below burning, and she's all like, yeah I texted you. I was livid. I'd spent so much time working on the bread, and it was ruined. I could have been more attentive to the time, but I feel really upset that she didn't think to let me know when she didn't see me respond or come downstairs. She said she didn't want to disturb me....Am I the asshole here? Edit: I think it's important to note that this person isn't someone I just live with. We are supposedly friends. I listen to her problems, she listens to mine. I go out of my way to make sure she's alright and vice versa. It's very copacetic. The fact that she turned off the timer and didn't tell me *when she knows I am not a texter, don't keep my phone on me* felt *intentional* and hurtful to have ignored the timer and acted like it was my fault. If it was just any other old day when I was baking bread and I lived with someone I didn't know well, it would be one thing. But, that is not our relationship. She always talks about how close we are. In this scenario, this was tantamount to aggression. Men may not understand. Women will get it better because ladies do this sort of thing, unfortunately. I feel totally gaslighted. Update: I did apologize, and she did too. We're alright. Thanks to all of you who responded in a thoughtful way to help me understand the other side."
1131,"[AITA] Am I the asshole for wanting to Facebook my grief updates instead of deal with repeated personal calls to everyone who cares? **Background:** A little over a year ago my dog was dying. I lived alone with only him, dedicated all my spare time to dog rescue, and eventually stopped fostering because he didn't want to share his home with dogs; he was my best friend. (So if you are not someone who has never been utterly destroyed by a dog dying, just assume it was a hell of a lot harder for me than you might guess.) He developed a heart condition and was in the animal hospital for several days when it first struck, and there were many such episodes over the course of months. There was a very expensive major surgery they wanted to try that had a moderate chance of helping. I anguished about it for a day and decided to do it. (Although the money mattered to me, the real question was whether to put him through a major procedure that wasn't much more than 50% likely to help.) Because of my rescue connections, hundreds of people--many of whom I have never personally met--knew about my dog and had followed my updates and photos about him for years. When they heard I was going to pay for this procedure, they started a GoFundMe and raised $3,000 to help...which was amazing. **The Issue:** The whole time this was going on, I was going to work full time, driving to the animal hospital to visit afterward (if he was there), spending several hours there if I could, then would come home late and write a long Facebook post to update anyone who was concerned before doing everything else an adult living alone has to do after work in a normal week. At first, the facebook posts worked because most of my family and friends saw the feed and that saved me from having to go through the story over and over. But after the GoFundMe started, I felt I owed it to the network of donors who had also friended me on FB to make updates, so they got really detailed about procedures, and treatment choices. My father, during this period, got upset because he wasn't getting regular phone **The conflict:** His point of view was that he's my father, and it's not unusual for him to want to express his support on the phone personally in a tough time...and even if I found it unusual, he deserves special treatment. If I didn't answer one of his calls every night and repeat everything that happened with the dog that day, he felt slighted, even though absolutely no one else in my life demanded anything individual--not even the friend who set up the fund drive or any of the donors. My point of view was that he is retired and bored and wants attention, but for the duration of this problem, he should boot up his fucking iPad and let me try to get some sleep. So I didn't"
1132,"AITA for entering into an online discussion about a specific topic, then I made a big stink when they tried to pretend I didn't exist. It's an open forum on Slack discussing direct democracy. It's hosted by an organization called democracy earth, and they have their own specific project. The same goes for all other participants, they all have their own agendas. It's important to note that everyone there has at least one PhD. I asked a few questions about the scope of the project they were working on, (in the host organization project), the reply was, ""well it kind of depends.""I repeated the question in a different way a couple of times but the answer was the same, then he asked what I have to offer. So I gave them my pre-prepared pitch. Someone then informed me that I was not on the proper discussion thread for this and suggested I go to the more technical discussion thread, so I did, and I asked if I could post it there, and they responded go ahead, so I did. There was no response for several hours on either discussion thread, where there had been steady conversation prior on both. Here's where I should mention that my proposal is an entire worldwide monopoly on opinions. This means no other entity can exist in this market, including the project they are working on. Or anyone else's project for that matter. If you ruled the world and decided one day, because you are a nice person, that you wish to know the desires of your people, and you really meant it, would you? A). Have people design all different kinds of Organizations that work in different ways, with different questions to answer, and then take all that and try to figure out what the people want. OR B). Get the best people together you can to build one system using the best agreed-upon technology,(Google search engines). The founding fathers of the United States did not decide to ""farm out"" the voting process to a variety different organizations for this obvious reason. All those other direct democracy initiatives require you to traverse menus, and answer questions. The limited amount of data they are working with and their use of questions, makes it unfeasible for them to use search engines. Removing questions enables google style search engines, which then enables unlimited data, which then allows for a monopoly on the opinion market, owned by the ""people"". I'm sorry for all that material but it's important for you to understand my angle. I think if you believe in direct democracy for the people, then you should wish for the best system possible! I'm going to try and shorten this up here, several hours after I posted my plan someone tried to change the topic, and so I tried to steer it back towards some kind of response to the post I made. Both of the discussion lines completely shut down for over a week after that. Since I was not getting a response I decided to add some"
1133,AITA when i think that my mother is being an asshole? Im 16 and live with my mother and brother. When ever there is even a little bit of banter between me and my brother my mom will take his side and start shouting at me. This scenario repeats if im talking to her and i do something she doesn't like ( for example not talking loud enough or responding sarcastically). I can't remember the last time my mother and I have had a conversation that didn't end in her going off on me. I am most definitely an angsty teen and a lot to deal with but i feel like my average teenage attitude doesn't warrant her shouting. Thoughts?
1134,"AITA for wanting to transfer at work? For a little background info, I work at a fairly large Old Navy part-time to help support myself through college. Old Navy is owned by Gap, whom also owns Banana Republic. I've worked there for two years, and it has treated me well for the most-part aside from some minor annoyances. One of these are inconstant hours, It's very common for me to get 20 hours one week, then 4 the next. I've dealt with it for the most part by picking up other people's shifts, but I would still like to work more. I've expressed this very clearly with little to no effect. Just a few months ago, my general manager (Head manager in the store.) introduced the ""lead"" program. This program promised people who wanted more work in return for a bit more responsibility. Think of it as a half-step to being a manager. Naturally, I asked about it, but the first time I did they said they would get back to me on it in the next few days. They never did, I got frustrated and decided to leave it alone. About two months ago, my manager approached me about a lead position. At the time I was gearing up for a trip to Australia, so I turned it down this time, but said that I would gladly take it if they could wait until I was back. I got back from my trip in early January to no word about the position, I asked the same manager again, who then told me she'd talk to another more appropriate manager about getting me set up. A week or so past with no indication, so I sought out the manager myself who walked me through the details and such. He told me that my first shift doing these duties would come up on Feb 19. Surprisingly, my schedule is emailed to me and I'm listed as ""Off"" on that day. I'm pretty upset at that point, I had also found-out upon return that a good chunk of the employees in our store had also signed up to be ""leads,"" so the hours promised were likely going to be split between all of us that had applied. When the program was first announced, it was explained in a way that made it sound at-least a little exclusive, but it seems like anyone can just sign up as they please, regardless of work performance or tenure at the company. There are currently 20+. These positions are usually specific to a department, so for example you might of been the ""Lead of Men's"" or ""Lead of Fitting Room."" But with the amount of people signing up, the titles are getting oddly specific and minuscule, leading to titles like ""Lead of Women's Shirts."" and so forth. At this point, I feel like these titles are empty and I'm being patronized. I go speak to the manager that had given me the duties, only to get a ""Um, we'll look into it. We'll try to get you in"
1135,"AITA for being angry with my boyfriend after a threesome? I posted this earlier but left out way too much detail so here's a better post. My boyfriend and I had a threesome with a girl we just met (mutual friends, she's from out of town) and after we all put our clothes back on, I fell asleep. He stayed up, then after about an hour of talking to our other friends, he went back into the room she was staying and initiated sex with just her again. He also didn't use protection. We were all pretty drunk. Am I the asshole for being upset? I feel like it was distinctly separate occurrence from the threesome earlier and that's why I feel cheated on."
1136,"AITA for cutting my hair? So I recently made an am I ugly post, and I got advice to cut my hair. I got the hair cut, and I hate it. I don't hate that it's short, but I hate the style. It doesn't suit me. But my girlfriend told me that she likes it. She loves my hair. That makes me feel better but I still feel horrible. So I want to get my hair cut more, and my girlfriend is now getting mad at me over this. She's telling me that her opinion doesn't matter, but I just want to feel better about myself. Am I the asshole?"
1137,"AITA for walking around naked in my apartment? I'm currently living in my first very own apartment. No roommates, no siblings, no parents... I love it. Sometimes, when I just got out of the shower (or am on my way there), I walk around naked. I have a building opposite of mine, maybe 50 feet away. People could see me naked if they looked into my windows. Also, people on the street could see me. Personally, I really don't care. I've been to saunas, nude beaches and just regular locker rooms enough to be comfortable with my own nudity. And if someone catches a glance - so what? But am I being a dick to those who might not want to see a hairy guy naked? Is it their own fault if they look into other people's windows or can I be expected to either close the curtains or put on some clothes?"
1138,"AITA for offering one dollar for expensive things on Craigslist? So many people put the price of the item they are selling on Craigslist to one dollar so when you sort price ascending, their item will be first. To me, if you list your item for one dollar you should expect people to want your item for a dollar."
1139,"AITA for being annoyed at a birthday gift a best friend got me as a surprise Throwaway cause most people involved know my real username. My best friend (let's say Alex) texted me a few weeks ago to not do anything on the saturday before my birthday. It was a surprise but they told me anyway. Turns out it was a beer fest ticket in a town ~40 min away. I was excited, thanked Alex because I assumed it was him, their SO (say Tim), my SO, and me. (Point that will come out later is Alex doesn't like beer so is usually the DD with events like this coupled with that they are not drinking until April for personal reasons) Come to find out that it isn't just us four but includes Tim's best friend and Tim's dad. I have hung out with them a bit but nothing to the point I'd think my birthday Saturday to usually include them. I'm ok with this however. Just recently I found out there have to be two cars to get there with all the people. Now except for Alex only my SO is willing to be the other DD. I was excited to experience a beer fest with my SO because we are short on time and money together and hardly go to bars cause it is too much. So something that is a gift to me will be hanging out during a beer fest with a sober Alex and my SO. Alex and and Tim usually go to these things a lot with Tim's best friend and his dad. I just feel it's not about me and how I'd like to experience my bday, but just coming up with them and my SO having to drive and me drinking with people I am not the most comfortable with. I understand to hang out sober isn't the worst thing but a beer fest is about about tasting all the beers you can and paying a premium for that. But I can't enjoy that beer experience with my SO as I would if they weren't the DD. And yes, sometimes when it's one of your last birthdays to get drunk with friends it's a big deal. So AITA?"
1140,"AITA for thinking it's inappropriate for my friend to invite my friend (who he doesn't know) to his party without asking me? EDIT: To be clear, everyone in this story is just a friend. I did ask the girl out once a while ago, but it's not really that relevant. I'm not worried about him hooking up with her. Him and her have never had a conversation. I'm worried about me looking bad because I think he's acting creepy. I'm not scared about him ""stealing my girl"" or anything, I just think it's a weird thing to do to a friend of mine he doesn't know. **TLDR**: I know a girl, my friend has only briefly been introduced to her. But he invited her and her friends to his birthday without asking me. I feel that's kinda inappropriate and puts pressure on her/the situation that I don't want. Here's the situation: Me and my friend (call him Alan) go to the same bar regularly, often together but sometimes without each other. There, a few months ago, I met a girl (Sally) and hooked up with her. Me and her have texted on and off since then, and hooked up a couple of times. She has two friends (Brianna and Melanie) she usually hangs out with, and usually one or both of them will be there if she is. **Alan doesn't know Sally**. I do admit they've obviously been at the bar at the same time, and had the standard ('Alan this is Sally, Sally this is Alan') introduction I've given them, but they really don't know each other. We've bumped into them at the bar or a club, but they haven't gone beyond a very short conversation at the most. I'm not sure she even knows his name. I think he's had a very short conversation here or there with Brianna and Melanie when they saw me at the bar and he was with me. Alan is aware I have a strange fragile relationship with Sally because I've told him about it. We text each other, flirt, make out alot, but don't date or really do any more than that. He understands that she will occasionally text me first and want to hang out with me, and then sometimes kiss me, but gets scared off very easily if I suggest anything like going on a date or coming home with me. I'm okay with this very casual thing we have, I'm just saying it's not as if me and her have something established or serious. He's added them all on facebook, as he does with lots of girls I know that he even meets for two seconds. It seems that if I introduce him to a female, no matter how briefly, he adds them on facebook and comments on their posts and sometimes messages them. He's even added my friends he hasn't even met, just because he saw them on my profile and thought they were attractive. I find this creepy and inappropriate, and I've talked to him about it before. I"
1141,"AITA for sleeping with my friend? **TL;DR: Hooked up with a chick my buddy had a crush on for the past few years, although she turned him down repeatedly. AITA?** I'll try to keep this as short as possible. Three years ago, I became a part of a group of friends that all went to a different high school than me. I became really close friends with some of them, including 'Robert' and 'Alice'. Robert had a crush on Alice for the whole time I knew them, but she has turned him down repeatedly. It came to a point when Robert would not come to gatherings if he knew Alice would be there and he asked me (and I assume others as well) not to mention her to him. This autumn, I went off to college, but I still kept contact with both of them (and other friends) and hung out with them when I came back to my hometown. I used to have a girlfriend back there, but we broke up shortly before Christmas because of the distance. After the holiday, I went back to the college-town and cut contact with my ex to make things easier for me. In the middle of January, Alice called me that her boyfriend dumped her and asked me to be friends with benefits. As I was still sad about my breakup, I accepted. She came to visit me recently and we fucked the whole weekend, it was awesome. I'm finally coming back to my hometown in a few days to meet with family, catch up with friends (including Robert) and also to fuck with Alice. **My first question is, am I an asshole for what I have done so far?** I feel really bad every time I talk to Robert over the phone or Facebook because of this. But I also know that he told me not to mention Alice to him ever again. All the people that know that Alice and I hooked up also know that Robert does not want to hear a single word about her, so I'm confident he won't find out unless I tell him. **My second question is, should I tell him?** Telling him would definitely ease my mind, but I also know that it could hurt him. I guess I can bear feeling bad so that he does not have to feel bad. I also don't want to risk our friendship by telling him, but on the other hand I guess that friends should be honest. If I don't tell him, will it be a white lie or will it make me an asshole? EDIT with more details, if anyone is interested: * if I were in Robert's shoes, I'd probably be upset but I wouldn't make a big deal of it. One of my best friends actually dated my high school crush for a while and I still managed to be friends with him. * when I talked to Alice after we hooked up, we actually found out that there were times when one of us"
1142,"AITA for being pissed off (14 yrsM) Well i'll start off at this morning i texted my friend as i always do saying, ""hey you coming out, or do you wanna go to the mall or something my parents will take us?"" he replies ""no i dont have any money and i cba going out"" so i said ""oh okay then"" and went to the mall with my parents, and i get home to see 5 minutes after i told him im going to the mall, he goes out, he then called me pathetic and an asshole for saying that was a scummy move. AITA"
1143,"AITA for sleeping with someone soon after a breakup? A month or so ago, my not-so-long-term girlfriend [19F] broke up with me [20M]. I shall call her Emma from here. We had been dating for about 2-3 months. We agreed to continue being friends since we shared friends before, and saw no reason to not continue doing the same after the breakup. I was a little down, but all in all in pretty good spirits. Emma had her close friend ask me if I was okay later in the week, which was nice, and I told her that I was fine and nobody need worry. We all went to a party about a week or so after this, got fairly drunk, and I got together with a girl who we are both friends with [also 19F], who I shall call Olivia. I was very good friends with her before this. We continued to see each other in the next few weeks, leading to now. Olivia and I (perhaps a fuck up on my part) decided to keep it quiet amongst our friends, and tried not to tell anyone about our arrangement. We were not sure how long we would want to keep seeing each other and didn't want to 'rock the boat' in the friendship group, especially since Emma and I had just broken up. Emma finds out pretty quickly after her previously mentioned close friend somehow found out (not sure how) that we were making out at the party. She is quite distressed by this. I didn't find this out until she confronted me about all this recently. We continue to see each other privately, and admittedly sneak off together after nights out (we are students). All was well until I got horribly drunk last week. We all went to a bar, where I arrived late. I was sort of pleased to find out that Emma has found some guy to pair off with for the night, as this makes me feel a little more justified in seeing Olivia. A few of us went back to someone in the groups flat, it was a group of about 5 of my closer friends (including Olivia, not including Emma or her closer friends). I let it slip when I was blacked out that Olivia and I were seeing each other (as she told me the next day as she filled me in). I woke up very embarrassed and swearing off the drink as per usual. I had however allowed our arrangement to become *public knowledge*. Emma found out about this pretty quickly, and she later tells me she feels horrible. She says when she confronts me about it by text that I was wrong to hide it from her if I wanted to spare her feelings, made her ""feel like shit"", ""this has really changed my perception of you"". I keep my cool here and don't share with her my actual opinion on the topic of her involvement. Now I shall show my bias. In my opinion, she has nothing to do with"
1144,"AITA for smoking weed once when my s/o doesn't want me to (no, I'm not that person's gf from the other day) sometime this week, my older brother is gonna take me to his place to hang out and let me try smoking weed for the first time. He's really protective over me, and we trust each other, and he said no more than 2-4 hits because I have low tolerance. I know I'll be safe and in good hands, and I know I'm not going to die if i green out. I just told my s/o about this, because I was excited, but they responded with, ""is this a sick joke"" ""[throwaway56783598] please stop"" ""you're making me sick right now"". We had a little argument, mainly with me saying that I'll be fine/it's safe/I'm safe/I know not to be stupid and smoke heavily before 25 years of age, and that we're just gonna sit and play video games, listen to music, and I might draw a little too. My s/o was mainly telling me to stop, to not do it, that I'll get addicted, ""it smells rancid"", they'll tell my parents (I don't think they mean that one), that I'll get the munchies, eat too much, then hate myself for gaining weight. Near the end, they got passive aggressive (""fine. go the fuck ahead. i dont want to hear about it."" ""i dont agree with it, but go ahead."") A few minutes later, once I tried changing the subject, they said, ""sorry sorry, just give me some time to cool off"". me: ""ok. sorry"" them: ""it's fine, i just worked myself up. I've always been a worrywart."" So... AITA?"
1145,"AITA for calling my sister out? So for context, I'm twenty, my sister is fifteen. I live at home whilst going to college and working, sister is a high school student. ---- Historically in our household my parents never cooked, and the majority of the time we would grab fast food or order pizza. Over the past year or so I've been trying to shift away from that, fast food is expensive and unhealthy, and I'm in college trying to save money, so I started learning to cook. At first I would only cook for myself, but once I started showing off my creations to my parents, my dad agreed to start buying groceries more routinely in exchange for cooking dinner for everyone whenever I had the time. Over the course of me teaching myself, my sister has decided to join in too, she's started cooking basic things like Tuna Helper and instant Mashed Potatoes. I'm super proud of her for taking action, but the thing is...She never cleans up after herself, leaving stacks of dishes piled up for days, more than once has she left mashed potatoes just sitting in a pot on a counter for 3-4 days at a time. I know actually, because at first I made a joke about it, I would send little vlogs to my mom about it saying stuff like ""Day 3, still no sign of pots and pans being cleaned."" For further context, I started getting into habit of cleaning up my dishes immediately after using them. I used to do the same exact thing as her, and she would take the time to call my dad and tell him to tell me to clean the dishes. I took the advice/took action and followed through. Anyway, I've been on an absolute roll cooking wise lately, most of the stuff I'm doing have been really nice hits with the rest of the family, getting to a point where I cook 5-6 a week. Last night I made dinner, but left a bit of batter in a Tupperware bin last night. (Important in a second.) Acknowledging all the cooking I've been doing lately, my mom asked my sister to do the dishes this time to give me a break. I get a call earlier from my Dad, who's pretty upset, saying that my sister called him again, and that I should clean out the grease, batter, etc. from the pans once I'm finished with them. I got off the phone and was kinda heated myself, I've been studying, working, and cooking my ass off lately in addition to other household chores out of the goodness of my heart and was feeling a bit unappreciated, especially since my sis has done much worse than a bit of batter in a bowl. I show my sister one of these vlogs (which were previously between me and my mom only.) clearly showing footage of her dirty stuff followed by a date and she freaks out and starts throwing things at me. == Everything's cooled off now and we've apologized"
1146,"AITA for skipping a wedding shower? I am marrying the love of my life. I am F. His aunts offered to throw us a joint ""couples shower."" WE accepted. Three month later the shower weekend is upon us. It was a Sunday brunch shower. I receive a call from my sister telling me my grandfather has had a massive stroke and is in ICU. This was a Wednesday. I inform my sister I will be up as soon as possible. I inform my mother. (parents divorced and she happen to be at my house.) I inform my SO. I also mention that they want me up on Thursday. (the next day, he isn't expected to live through the night.) My grandmother AND my father call me the next day.(side note: ""father"" is the sperm donor that signed his rights away. He did not raise me, and we have not spoken in over 5 years.) They say they are in a ""holding pattern"" until the test results come back, until they no how much of his brain is dead, until they decide to place a breathing tube or not, etc. Grandfather has lived through the night but they aren't sure how much longer he can hold on. (Side note: while my bio father didn't raise me, my adoption paperwork did not sever grandparents rights. Grandfather visited me often. Emailed me all the time. Taught me how to drive a standard. Taught me how to drive in snow. Gave me my first car. He also paid for half my tuition while I was in college.) I break down at dinner that night. SO books me a ticket for Friday afternoon at dinner. I had told my father and my grandmother I had social obligations to meet on Sunday, I would be there as soon as I could but I could not meet social obligations and get a flight out until Monday, putting me bedside Monday afternoon at the earliest. (baring no northern snow storms.) Friday I take a half day of work. Inform my boss I am leaving and will be gone for a while. SO gets a call from my future mother in law asking why I can't stay till Sunday. I leave Friday afternoon. So's father (sibling of the aunts hosting) calls SO and informs him I am ""rude, ungrateful, not understanding, and all around a horrible person he doesn't want to marry."" So's mother joins and asks why I couldn't wait until after the shower. I was away during all this. I Skype in during the shower, greeted and thanked everyone for their attendance. I watched as SO opened our presents, had a friend take detailed notes, and wrote thank yous to all that attended as well as all that brought gifts. So's father that had so much to say arrived in town that Friday. (the day I left.) However, he could not stay for the shower, nor did he purchase a gift, because he had to fly to New York for Hamilton on Broadway that Sunday. So's mother attended the"
1147,"AITA as a man for wanting to take my girlfriend's surname and drop my parent's surname when we get married? I'm sorry that I'm about to raise the dreaded topic of **feminism**, but here goes! We don't have to argue about the principles, just whether or not this is an asshole move on my part. I proposed to my girlfriend last year and we're getting married in the summer. We've talked a lot between ourselves about the traditions associated with marriage, and the one balk at the most is maintaining the paternal line of surnames as standard. I don't think it's OK to have such a gender lopsided and overwhelmingly adhered to tradition which is based in a historical subjugation of women, and I love the idea of this being a symbol to my hypothetical future daughters (and sons!) that they can do whatever they want in life. I don't think that merging surnames or double-barrelling does enough to move towards equality. I'd prefer a society in which surnames are kept on a 50/50 basis by both genders. Realistically, though, I just think that people should have the choice to do whatever they want with their surnames. My parents don't concur with my opinion on this. They are concerned that people will think I'm trying to sever ties to my family, or that I prefer my fiance's family to my own. They say that this will ruin the wedding for them and embarrass them in front of their whole family, implying that they were in some way bad parents to me (**they weren't!**). My mum in particular takes it as a personal insult. I've tried to explain my reasoning and ask if they'd say the same things if my sister took someone else's surname, but I haven't been very successful. The more it goes on, the more it becomes clear that they are more upset than I initially realised. At her most angry, my mum has said that doing this would distance her from me, my fiance and my children in the future, and that if the topic comes up at the wedding she would struggle not to cry or walk out. She keeps asking me why I want her to be upset on my wedding day just to make an ideological point, and I don't really have an answer. If people want to argue about my reasoning for why surnames should pass down 50/50, I'm happy to do that, but that's not what I'm really asking. My question is: Am I The Asshole for doing something which is clearly upsetting my parents and risks distancing my new family from my old one?"
1148,"AITA for ripping up a US flag as part of an introduction to my speech about flag desecration laws? I had to do an informative speech in my com 101 class in college about the controversies surrounding flag burning/desecration. I said something like this for my introduction: ""This is an American flag, probably one of the most controversial symbols in the world. To some, it represents tyranny and imperialism. To others, it represents the freedoms we enjoy, such as freedom of religion, press, and expression. The flag represents the freedom to do taboo things like this... *rips flag* It was one of those small handheld American flags. I heard audible gasps after I did it and I created an awkward atmosphere and some people in the audience were visibly upset. I didn't even do it out of malice- I just wanted to set the stage for the history of the flag burning controversy. I had to use a visual aid, so I decided to do that."
1149,AITA for telling my friend his joke is raggedy [Conversation] His wife got wasted at my moms house and she didn't want to wear her heals anymore so i let her wear my moms slippers (We were in the garage and you don't want to walk without shoes in there). They ubered home and she wore them out on accident ( i am assuming). My mom asked me about them so i asked if i could get them back and thus is the text conversation that is linked.
1150,"AITA for charging a coworker for leftover mardis gras food I was going to leave behind anyway? So yesterday was Fat Tuesday as many of you may know. So I took a couple boxes of 4 packs of these donuts they only make that day called packi to work to give out to my coworkers. By the end of my 10 hour shift there were still four left so I offered some to the night crew and the drive they guy we will call packzi guy said he wanted one. While he is collecting money and taking an order I pull one out and wrap it up in some napkins for him and jokingly grab the box and say I am taking the red home. I knew he would probably want more after he had a bite but nonetheless was planning on leaving the box behind anyway. So packzi guy tries it and I am already thinking he will probably ask for one more while I am getting together my stuff. He had been giving me a hard time that day, not in a mean way but acting like the annoying little brother I never wanted if u know what I mean. Just being obnoxious since he clocked in hours earlier. So then he asks if he can have the rest and I, jokingly, point to the price sticker on the box saying he had to pay for it. He said he would pay basically 65% of it and I agreed. I mean if he seriously wants to give me free money why not right? AITA for charging him for packzi I was just going to leave there for everyone?"
1151,"AITA for getting my friend banned from GTA Online? Okay so just a note before I start, this happened years ago around when GTA Online first came out. Myself and the guy involved in this story are good friends now, although when this happened he was pretty pissed for months. I've been thinking back to this and honestly can't decide which of us were the asshole in this situation so I figured I'd get a third party's opinion. Alright, so like I said this happened around when GTA Online first came out and at that time there were **lots** of cheats/hacks/exploits going around. My friend took part in these exploits where as I did not, the specific things he did were: * Join a hacked lobby so he was level 152 (incredibly high, I was only level 14) * Got someone to hack him in tonnes of money * Did a glitch to get a tank as an ""owned"" vehicle (this should not be possible, it meant he could respawn it cheaply and if you destroyed the tank you were penalized and even sometimes kicked for destroying someones personal vehicle) Now I didn't mind him having all of these glitched/hacked stuff, I personally didn't take part in it but it never bothered me that he cheated because it didn't really effect me. Usually we played together just messing around in free roam (we were in a group of 5-6 usually if it's of any relevance). We did usually try and fuck with each other all in good spirited fun, blowing up each others cars, sniping each other off rooftops etc. We did this almost every night. Now, the problem came in one night in particular, I can't remember what it was but I was trying to do something, most likely trying to earn money by robing shops (like I said I didn't cheat so I was usually low on cash while the rest of the group had more money than they could possibly spend). The friend who glitched/cheated earlier decided to fuck with me, now normally this would be fine but this one instance really pissed me off. Instead of just blowing up my car or killing me once or twice he continually killed me/destroyed my car. Whenever he destroyed my car I have to spend about 2 minutes getting it back and he takes a penalty of ~$1000 (which didn't matter to him because he had so much money). He was using his tank to kill me, which like I said he glitched to get insured, so if I blew it up I lost ~$1000 (which at the time would have been like 1/10 my money gone each time). The first few times I didn't mind but after a while I was just like ""Dude, stop. I'm trying to earn money because I'm poor as fuck and I can't even fight back because your tank is insured and I'd just lose all the money I just earned). He was just following me around wherever I went and killed me, if I"
1152,"AITA for going to friends when my boyfriend and I are fighting I'm so used to being called crazy and over emotional by men that I have no gauge as to whether something is seriously wrong or whether I'm just blowing things way to far out of proportion. Recently my boyfriend and I got in a fight because he wanted to hang out with some friends of mine when I wasn't around, at first I was uncomfortable because I felt it was important we each have our own friends so that if we ever break up it doesn't end up one of us (me) losing my entire support system because in the past even when he cheated on me, he somehow convinced our friends I was in the wrong and I was the asshole. Eventually though I said it was no big deal that I thought it was more an issue of having shitty friends vs. not having shitty friends and that if he wanted to hang out with them that was fine with me. Today we were planning on going out with friends and all of a sudden he was worried about me having my own friends. Red flag. I could tell it was something more than that and eventually he was accusing me of talking shit about him and making him sound like a manipulative dick when really he wasn't. He demanded to see my phone at which point I said no because you're only trying to fight and nothing productive can come of this, you're welcome to look at my phone anytime once you calm down, there is no password and I have nothing to hide. After he pouted and accused me of cheating I finally gave it to him anyway and as expected he said I was trying to make everyone think he's a ""bipolar manipulative asshole"" though the things I said were literally just exact quotes or events that actually happened with no analysis or anything so I feel like if the truth comes off as you being a manipulative ass, maybe you're being a manipulative ass? Also I very clearly included things taking responsibility for my own fuck up because obviously most fights aren't entirely at the fault of one person. He then decided he didn't want me to talk to my friends about our fights at all which I'm not sure but I think is really unhealthy, I need help from a third party to know whether or not I'm crazy, like is telling my friends about problems talking shit or is that a healthy thing to do?"
1153,"AITA for potentially ruining a creeps monday So, basically, this creep messaged me and wouldnt leave me alone. And he sent me his phone number really early on requesting I sext with him. Made it clear I wasn't interested, but he wouldnt let off. So. Instead of just blocking him like any normal person would, I felt kind of spiteful, because after a while of this constant bs from people on online dating sites, you get irritated. Basically, I work at a car dealership. And we've learned that when customers use the Truecar app, their info gets sent to every dealer within 50 miles of their zip code that sells the model of vehicle they want. And I've used it to prank my friends, but never to this extent. Basically, I took this guys number, and gave him a fake name and email, and submitted it to every single dealership in town. Sent in an inquiry for every brand of vehicle. And on some even put that I didn't want to be called at all after 10am, only call before 10am. So, this guy is going to get probably about 100 calls on Monday from different car dealerships across the city asking ""Dick"" when he can come in to meet with their designated true car advisor. Now that its done and over with, I'm feeling a bit guilty, and definitely like an asshole."
1154,"AITA for getting annoyed at my girlfriend for having issues with me It feels like every couple days she has some kind of issue or problem with me and it's always either an abstract concept with no specifics (ex: ""you don't treat me the same way you used to!"") or a blatant assumption based on something I say/do (ex: ""So you're going to stop me from buying things you deem unnecessary!"" because I've told her that she shouldn't starve herself to buy clothes one time when she told me that she was going to). Turns out I don't react to constant fighting over abstract immeasurable concepts very well and I need more time to myself to recovery and spend less time with her as a result, which only increased the fighting as now she feels ""lonely"" despite me still talking to her for hours a day and giving her support in general. Recently I've just been getting annoyed every time there's some kind of issue between us. Nothing happens to warrant fighting or arguing but it still happens. I tell her I'd like to invest some money a month for our children when we have them and we're financially stable and she starts a fight with me over her assumptions that I'll make us live ""poorly"" to make up for it. I mentioned to her I'd appreciate it if she bought me flowers sometime (the topic was on the subject of buying flowers) and she starts a fight about how it would make her feel unwomanly. I'm mentally exhausted from fighting so much and she starts a fight about how she feels ""rejected"" and ""lonely"" despite us still talking/hanging out for hours that day. I feel like an asshole because she's upset over things and it just annoys me and drives us further apart. On the other hand it's awful to have constant fighting over what is literally nothing (assumptions) or abstract concepts like I she feels I don't give her enough attention when I'm talking to her hours a day."
1155,"AITA for getting upset at my friend for not seeing me? I used to live in Hong Kong where I dated a girl who lived there. I broke up with her and left the city about a year and a half ago, but we stayed friends since then talking online about our lives. We've talked about new people we've dated, and a lot of other personal things. I grew to see her as a good friend. I had to come to Hong Kong again for business for three days and we planned to meet to chat. Nothing more than that, just a friendly meeting to hang out and talk. After I got here, she made excuses every day to not see me. The first day she said she was too bored to go out . The second day she said she couldn't go out because she had to have lunch with her friend and then her father bought her a cake and she had to stay home with her family. The third day she said she had an allergy shot that made her face swell up so she didn't want to go out in public. It seems pretty apparent to me that she has made excuses to avoid me the entire time I was here for whatever reason. I don't know her true motivation so I can't speculate on it, but her avoidance of me makes me think that she's not a true friend of mine. I told her as much and said there's no point in us being friends if I am not a priority at all. If a friend of mine came to visit where I live from another country for a few days, I would make a major effort to see him or her, regardless of gender or whether we dated in the past. I have done this before more than once. I like seeing my friends. AITA to be offended? Am I wrong to think she's not a true friend?"
1156,"AITA: my roommate is great, but doesn't do dishes unless I bound him. So I've started putting his dirty dishes in his bed. This has been going on for 6 months. He's a great guy, except very lazy and not very clean."
1157,"AITA for sending my mom a snapchat of me partying So I live with my parents and I dont really go out much usually to the movies by myself. But I do call my friend anthony once in awhile and we go to the bar or something. Anyways last night I asked him if he wanted to hang out and he said yes and we met at a bar and met a few other friends of ours Travis and Alex. Now I also dont use Snapchat a whole lot but I will sometimes. We all started drinking at a regular bar and then we went and ate at a sports bar. That was fun it felt good to socialize. Now I sent a snapchat to all of my friends during the night (both of my parents are on my friends list). I was a little drunk but it was only a video of me and everyone at the dinner table. I just thought it was cool. Then I went home and slept. But earlier tonight my mom said to me ""why do you send me snapchat videos of you drinking"" I said ""well I didnt just send it to you I sent it to all of my friends"" she said ""well quit sending me those when you are drinking"". She does complain about stupid stuff all the time. I mean I dont party ALL the time and I just sent one snapchat. I think she is overreacting but I MIGHT be an asshole for doing that. On the other hand tho I am an adult and I can snapchat whatever I want. Am I in the wrong tho?"
1158,"AITA for not liking how my girlfriend dyed her hair A few weeks ago my girlfriend asked what I think of hair dyed a certain way. It had unnatural streaks in it and that's a bit of a turn of for me so I replied honestly with ""I personally find that kind of thing unattractive"" or something of the sort. She seemed fine with it and said that she's considering it and I didn't complain or protest. She got it done and no surprises I didn't like it. I didn't mention anything or say anything bad about it whatsoever. She asked me if I disliked it and I replied honestly with ""It looks good overall just don't like the unnatural streaks."" She got a bit upset and kept accusing me of hating her hair and finding her unattractive. I kept reassuring her but her reaction made me think I should've just lied and said I liked it. edit: just to reiterate so there's no confusion I didn't try to nor did I want to stop her from getting it and I didn't make any signs that I dislike it after the fact other than telling her when she asked"
1159,"AITA for calling my friend careless? So my friend is in high school and she drinks and smokes pot frequently. Anyway, she had decided to be in a school play and they have rehearsals after school. For some reason she decided to goto rehearsals ""drunk and high af"". When she told me this, I became upset and decided to chew her out. I am aware it isn't my buisness but she does these things all the time and I just became fed up with it, it's going to get her in trouble one day. This is the first time I said something about it. Am I an asshole for this? If anyone wants to see exactly what I said, I can paste the text in the comments."
1160,"AITA For being upset about my daughter not winning first place? Backstory: My daughter has a neurological issue which has caused her some struggles. She misses school sometimes for hospital stays (usually only 2-3 days at a time now). She has some motor delays and speech impediments. She has absence and focal seizures that are easily mistaken for just zoning out or just being disruptive. I am very (possibly overly) sensitive to feeling like people underestimate her or see the worst in her. I tend to get upset with her school for how they grade or fail to reward her. Two recent examples: she got a horrible report card this semester. She was marked 'does not meet standard' on things I know she has down cold. In the conference, the teacher said flat out that they marked her down if she didn't say the exact word correctly because of her speech impediments. So she can identify a trapezoid and a sphere, but since she says crapasoy and spear, no credit. She can tell you if you are making the correct blended sounds, but since she cannot produce blended sounds like tr/pr she is marked down as not recognizing them and is essentially failing kindergarten- again. They already held her back. They also would cut her off if she did not answer within a few seconds, despite knowing and acknowledging that she has frequent absence seizures. Also, they gave awards to kids who made 100 days with no tardies or unexcused absences. She had neither, but they still did not give her an award. When asked afterwards, it was because she had no unexcused absences but since she had spent a total of 11 excused days (1 for a socio-psych eval the school requested, the rest in-hospital with extra homework to make up for what she missed in class), they said it just wasn't fair to the kids who saw her miss so many days, but the teachers son who was hospitalized for a few days more did get an award. This particular example: My daughter loves the science fair and worked like a dog on her project. She ended up being the only kid in her grade to complete one. She was awarded second place for her grade. I asked the admin about it later when I returned to pick up the project at the end of the fair and was told since it was a 'solid B grade project' they had made the call that it was more appropriate to give her a second place and just not give out a kindergarten first place at all. I am livid. I feel like they'd rather throw the ribbon in the trash than reward my girl. On the other side, my daughter is thrilled to have won a ribbon and she still qualified to move on to the county fair. She is proud of her second place. I don't want to diminish that for her, but I think giving her second when she was literally the only one in her category is utter"
1161,"AITA for not really caring about other people? let me explain I'm polite and respectful to everyone but beyond that I sort of just don't really care about other people. I'm not trying to be edgy, I just sort of don't. I see everyone else talking to each other and having fun and I just don't get it. I'm just not really interested in other people or the things they have to say. There are people who I DO love, and who I DO care about, and I'm not faking it with them, I really do love them and care about them, but with almost everyone else they're just kind of there. I just don't find too many things about other people to be interesting. I hate parties because of this and other social gatherings, because for me there isn't any type of base interest in others. Making small talk at work is hard because I don't know what to say, I know I'm supposed to say something but I end up sounding like an idiot sometimes. I try to smile at people and be friendly but eventually they figure out that I'm not really interested in them and that I just sort of have nothing to talk about. Whenever I do this, and be intentionally friendly to someone, like a coworker, or a cashier at a store I go to a lot, I become really anxious and I wonder how much longer I can keep it up. Like, how much longer can I act this way until they realize that I'm extremely socially awkward, and that I'm just kind of a small person. I am super socially awkward and anxious. I've always been that way. I've just sort of learned over a long period of time that other people just sort of don't want me around, and they just kind of don't want to talk to me so I stay out of everyone's way but then people think I'm an asshole because I don't smile and I don't really make any type of effort to talk to anyone. When I'm around other people I just kind of zone out and dissociate. I can sit by myself behind a computer for long periods of time and not care at all. I'm very used to social isolation. It doesn't bother me in the slightest, especially now that I do have people who I love and care about to get me through the hard times. So, am I an asshole? Be honest, I can take it."
1162,"AITA for hanging up on a prospective employer SO I am job hunting right now and also one fact about me I dont like rude people at all. Anyways I used Indeed to job search and I applied for 10 of them. A guy called me just 30 minutes ago and he asked me if I wanted to work at his factory because I had applied for it. I said sure and then I asked him where it is at, he gave me the area where it is at but not an exact location. He then repeated ""so do you want the job or should I move on"" I replied ""Yeah sure"" he then said ""Im just gonna move on you dont seem too into this"". I said ""ahh excuse me??"" he then said ""thats not how you talk to people you need to-"" But then I cut him off as his tone was changing. I mean he was being a jerk IMO. He didnt seem like a nice guy, he probably runs his factory like SIR from The Miserable Mill LOL. But in all seriousness Am I the Asshole?"
1163,"AITA for getting annoyed at this homeless guy? Bullet points for brevity and conciseness. * Homeless guy asks me if I have spare change. * I say I only have my card - this was true, I wasn't carrying *any* cash that day. * He asks me if I can buy him food. * I agree to do so. * I buy him a ham roll, but he doesn't like it with mayonnaise, so he somewhat rudely tells the lady working there to remake it without mayonnaise. * I was annoyed at this point and just wanted to pay for it and get away. * He, however, sees a bottle of soda and says that he'll have this too. * This is what really annoyed me - I agreed to buy him food, but I didn't really want to buy him anything else, especially after how rude he was to the worker. * He didn't say please or have any manners, and honestly just added the drink to the transaction. * I did end up buying it for him since I know that if I was in such a situation, I would've liked something to drink. :/ I'm still very pissed off at this, even though it happened last month. Am I an asshole for thinking this? :/"
1164,"AITA for not liking my boyfriends friends? I [22F] love my boyfriend [24M] very much, but I have an issue with his friends. He always tells me about how they consistently and frequently cheat on their girlfriends. When we hang out and he talks to them about it he doesn't flat out condone the cheating, but somewhat encourages it by telling them things like ""sometimes you gotta do what you gotta do"" or ""wow I can see why you did that"". I asked him about this and told him why this concerns me, and he says that they're his friends so he has to go along with it even though he doesn't agree with it. I would never stop him from hanging out with his friends, but I can't help but feel a little uneasy when they go out. Am I out of line for feeling this way? Edit: I'm asking because they're planning a big trip to either Vegas or Miami this summer and right now the idea is making me uncomfortable. But, like I said, I'd never stop him from seeing his friends."
1165,"AITA for speaking my mind to an old friend? She added me on social media and left cryptic comment Back in 2nd year of college, I lived with a girl, Gabby, for a year who I'd met in our dorms. We became friends but she was a bit of a spoiled princess, which bugged me, and very innocent. We lost touch for years and she just recently added me on social media and left a strange comment. But I admit, I would say things that I prob shouldn't have to her: When I was leafing through her high school yearbook I condescendingly said: ""Gabby, when did boys start noticing you?"" When we were at a bar, I would try to stir shit, telling Gabby that a random girl at the bar was pointing at her and talking crap, muttering ""that girl has big tits and a flat ass"" about Gabby, when that didn't happen. I loved watching her get worked up over it. One time when she was changing in front of me, I laughed at her body and said ""You've got the ass of a 7 year old boy!"" I'm now wondering if I was too harsh... my other gf's and I joke around a lot, but Gabby never stood up for herself. She had introduced me to one of her new friends, Tiffany, who not only moved in with us, but I ended up becoming really close to, and the 2 of us kinda ganged up on Gabby. I resented the fact that Gabby's dad was a doctor and paid for everything of hers, and that she tiny with a perfect body (huge boobs though no butt), while I was flat and had an occasionally abusive dad. Shit hit the fan a year later and Tiffany & I ended up having a huge falling out and stopped talking. So I ended up sending Gabby an email a year or 2 later sending a half assed apology, which she accepted, and told her she could have one of my pets who was more connected to Gabby than me, who I couldn't give attention/affection to. Gabby accepted and told me that I'd need to bring all of the cat's Anyway, we lost touch for YEARS after that but she found me on social media and added me, and I did the same. She looks good, happy, is traveling around the world a lot, doesn't look like she has kids or a husband. I just had a baby so I'm posting nonstop pics of her. Gabby just recently sent me a private message saying ""i'm so glad to see you're doing well...I remember back in the day you were pretty broken :( .. good to see youve picked yourself up. I'm sure having a baby girl softened you up- looks like youve come a long way from cruel andrea!"" doesnt that make HER passive aggressive and sounding like she's hung up in the past?What does she mean by that? Implying that she thinks I wasn't happy when we were in contact? And do"
1166,"AITA for feeling like I'm not putting in enough effort between me (19M) and my girlfriend (19F) ? hey guys, just found this subreddit because I feel like i needed help and think posting and getting the advice of others would help me. (first post here btw so please tell me if there is anything wrong with my post moderators, thanks) ok so here's a little backstory, me and my girlfriend met at the end of 2012 and we were both 14 at that point of time. we stayed together till mid 2016 where she met someone else and left me for him. they were together for a year before he left her (karma's a bitch i know). Me being the nice guy I was decided that it was a good idea to patch things up with her and talk to her again after the breakup because I felt that I just wanted to see her happy y'know. So as time goes by we suddenly started falling in love and we got together again during this time of month last year (2016), we're still together now and very in love with each other and I hope it stays this way. Anyways, time for the problem that I face now. I love this girl, i swear to god I do but it seems like everytime it comes to going out or making plans, she's the one making them (bet you guys didn't expect that). I am never able to think of stuff to do or places to go or anything that can be considered somewhat romantic. She is the one planning everything and bringing me out. Granted I do pay for her food sometimes and randomly buy her surprise food or chocolates at times (she loves food more than she loves gifts) so I feel like I did something but when it comes down to it, she does way more than I do when it comes to ""keeping it interesting"". Every time at night I think about what I could do but my mind just blanks on me, I am really embarrassed because eventually she will get tired of having to come up with everything and me doing nothing. Am I a horrible person because I am not able to think about such things? Am I not deserving of the girl I love and have known for almost 4 years now? What do I do to better the situation? Please help. (any advice is fine, even if it is a mean comment just put it down I can handle it) Thank you for reading this and have a nice day. TL;DR : have known girlfriend for 4 years, however girlfriend is the only one ""putting in effort"" and I feel like i'm not. Please help."
1167,"AITA for me yelling at my friend to be the DD. So I'm out with my 2 friends who are visiting from out of state and I drive us to a brew house one night. My friend, let's call her D, is already a little bitter about going Bc she doesn't drink beer. Looking through the menu I find cider that they brew and I offer to pay for it, she drinks these exclusively. She tries two sips and she doesn't like it. My friend and I, we can call him E, continue to drink and try the brews available. We order some of their food and after about an hour we decide to leave. I've had 3 beers and know I can't drive. My friend E drank about 2 beers and about 4 sample sizes. E is 6'5"" 250 lbs. dude, it takes a good a lot of alcohol to get this man drunk. E decides to drive and I let him, the drive back is 8 minutes. D tells me we should get an uber Bc we have both been drinking. I then remember that she didn't drink and ask her if she can drive us back, no. She says no because she's scared of driving downtown, she doesn't know the way, and is afraid with the one ways and the trains in the road(some lanes are public transit only). I live and deliver in the downtown area so I know every possible way back to my apartment and which lanes to stay on and off. I ask her again because I don't want to leave my car and have to buy another trip back there before parking fares start at 8, she refuses. I'm like ""ok E is driving"", I know he is good to drive. She then looks and me and tells me ""you hate me."" and proceeds to ignore us. So I tell her,"" Look! You haven't had anything to drink tonight and you want us to pay for a ride back at 2x the rate with surge prices, I know the way and I know how to navigate through downtown. You're being really selfish right now."" She gets even more mad and ignores us the whole night after that. I let E drive us home. Was I out of line to yell at her? Or was I irresponsible for letting E drive us home? EDIT: I will apologize to her. Thank you for the replies."
1168,"AITA for causing an overreaction over a penny? This happened a couple weeks ago but the more I think about it, the more it has been bothering me. I work at a local dessert shop and a customer who usually comes about once every week or two walks in. She orders and the total comes out to be $7.01. She hands me a $10 if I can recall correctly and I was getting ready to hand in $2.99 in change without thinking. She suddenly stares down at me and replies ""Seriously???"". I was confused at first and said ""excuse me?"". And then she starts berating me about how she can't believe I would do this to her and that she is a regular customer and she doesn't deserve this kind of treatment. It finally clicked to me that she was talking about giving the 99 cents in change. I don't know if it was the mean attitude that she gave me or that while she was a regular customer, she would make me wait for her orders because she was on her phone previous times but I just did not feel like complying. I answered that $2.99 was what the change came out to be and tried handing her the coins. She waved the coins away, took her desserts and $2 change and walked away while calling out how ridiculous this situation was and that she will never support the shop again. So am I an asshole for being ticked off and not handing over the $3?"
1169,"AITA for taking someone's parking spot? This parking lot is shaped like the letter 'F'. The long vertical part is just a lane with no parking, and the two horizontal lines have perpendicular parking spaces on either side with a dead end. I went down the lower lot and turned around. I could see at least 2 spots in the upper lot while heading back to the vertical lane. I get to the end and a truck is heading through to the upper lot, so I wait for them to pass. The truck drives right in between the two lots and just stops there without actually turning down the lane. So I figured they were waiting for someone to back out of a spot or whatever, I just sit there at the end of the lower lot with my blinker on. In an attempt not to exaggerate, I'll try to be as realistic as possible with the following times, although I wasn't keeping time during this event. About 30 seconds goes by and this truck is still just sitting there. I look around and can't see any reverse lights so I'm not really sure what he's doing. Another 30 seconds, and now I see the driver put the parking brake on and release the brake. At this point I assume he is waiting to pick someone up and I might as well try to squeeze past so I can park. I see him reaching to unbuckle his seat belt so I waited a few more seconds to see if he is going to get out so I didn't get in the way. He just sits there, so I turn down the lane, drive past, and turn into the upper lot. This guy starts blaring his horn and I can see him screaming and throwing his hands up in my side mirror as I take the corner. I park in one of the empty spaces and have to walk out the way I drove on. On the way out he sarcastically thanked me for taking his spot. I didn't know how to respond so I just awkwardly laughed and kept walking. I kind of feel like I'm not the asshole in this situation but this guy sure made me feel like one. I found out later on in the day he actually parked in the lower lot, even though there were actually 2 other empty spaces directly across from my(his) spot. No, these aren't assigned, numbered, or metered parking spaces."
1170,"AITA for not going my Bff's wedding? (xpost from r/relationships) One of my bffs of 15 years, Carly [24 F], is getting married and I already said yes to being a bridesmaid. The problem is, I'm now discovering that I can't afford it. It's about 6 months until the wedding and I don't know what to do. I am over 2,500 dollars in debt and I don't make very much. Up until this year, I've had crappy jobs that didn't pay well, and honestly, I never budgeted. I know that I can just ask my family for help, but they are struggling financially too, and I don't want them to suffer because of my poor money choices. This is also not the first time I've asked them to pay for my travel expenses; in fact, every year for the past 5 years they've been paying for me. I feel like it's a vicious cycle: a big event comes up, I cant afford it, i ask for help and promise that NEXT time, I'll be able to pay my way. And repeat. I also feel guilty though, Because I'm saying no to a dear friend, not just my family. My sister Rachel [26 F] is angry. She says I have to go, I can't let my friend suffer for my choices- but either way we all suffer because they end up paying for my broke ass and I end up in more debt and guilt. I'm over it. What do I do? Am I a bad friend? tl;dr: I'm poor and my family ends up paying for my travel every year. I want to get out of debt ans be self-supporting, But i'm saying no to being a bridesmaid. What do I do?"
1171,"AITA for ending a relationship I didn't want? This guy(he's 25) and I(f, 20) have been friends for about two years. We became pretty close and one day I admitted I USED to have a crush on him when we first met but no longer felt that way. He admitted he always felt attracted to me but never thought I would be interested in him. After admitting that, he started acting flirty and saying indicative things like ""I wonder how it would be if we went out"" and ""don't you think we'd be really compatible in a relationship since we are as friends"". I realized what he was leaning towards, and told him I wasn't interested in a relationship and would rather us just stay friends. Instead of letting up, he went on to constantly bringing up how long it's been since he's been in a relationship, how he feels sad when he sees others with a SO, and how he feels lonely all the time. I continued to say I wasn't interested in a relationship but we could hang out as friends. Whenever I'd go over to hang out and we were watching something he'd get too close, laying on me, holding onto me and such, you know little things you'd expect from a couple. I soon came to find out that he was telling mutual friends at our job that I was his girlfriend although I'd been voicing the fact we are not dating repeatedly to him. He even started telling his family this, including his little sister that I went to school with and was good friends with. Trying to put a stop to it I told him we needed to have a serious talk, during which he started to beg that I give it a chance. Feeling bad, I agreed to a one week test run despite the fact I no longer care for relationships. When the week ended I told him I didn't want to continue while he insisted we did. I continued to tell him no and he continued to try and force a relationship. I started avoiding hanging out with him because he wont stop. He claims he is in love with me and won't stop til I feel the same and that he's depressed without me. He's even threatened suicide and self harm. TL:DR; Guy guilt trips me into a relationship I told him I didn't want and he's upset I broke up with him"
1172,"AITA For not wanting to be touched by anyone, including my SO? A little background: Growing up afraid of my dad and being bullied in school meant I had to fight. A lot. Sometimes with words, sometimes with fists. Im the type of person that if youve got a problem you come to me and not behind my back. I stick up for myself. I'd do damn near anything to protect the ones i care about, but I hate being touched. At all. Were both virgins and sex isnt on the menu and that isnt a problem (but probably will be) That being said growing up fighting has lead to a very uncomfortable feeling when being touched. My friends know that is a boundary and respect it. But my girlfriend doesnt like that I dont want her to touch me. She knows i love her to death but she thinks its different. I would hug my own mother right? Yes (reluctantly) but she is pretty much the only person that I will. I look past accidents and first time offences like people wouldnt be expected to know. But am I the asshole? She knows I love her but she says contact is a form of affection and she is saddened that I wont accept or return it. Ive tried explaining it to her and she just doesnt understand. I dont particularly think she is an asshole at all, but am I the asshole?"
1173,"AITA for calling myself a biologist despite not being one? I messaged a friend on Facebook saying I'm meeting a girl soon. A few messages later, he asked me if I knew everything about STD's, I said yeah and that I'll be wearing a condom. Then he asked me if I knew how things spread, Chlamydia in particular. I said I'd be wearing a condom and then he said ""you didn't answer the question"". I explained quickly and then said ""you're talking to a biologist"" (I'm studying biology). After that he got really irritated. Said stuff like ""you're not a fucking biologist"", ""you're a student, you're studying biology"". After that he said ""you can never give yourself a status, NEVER. Only people around you can"", ""if you say that you're cool, you're not cool. If your teacher gives you a diploma that says you're a biologist, then you're a biologist"". ""You can not call yourself a biologist if you're only studying it"". He started making comparisons like saying he's a neurosurgeon because he saw a YouTube video and whatever. I said I thought he was overreacting, to which he replied ""no, that's how it works"". I said that ""biologist"" isn't a protected title, to which he replied ""oh, then I'm a biologist too"". I left a very tiny part of our conversation out, but he ended saying that my logic was stupid. The reason I said I was a biologist was because I didn't feel like he needed to ask me questions about STDs. I did not anticipate his reaction to what I thought was a pretty harmless statement. My point was that I'm studying biology, so I know that stuff. I felt like he was underestimating me. Did he go too far? Am I the asshole? Are we both assholes? I shared this experience with another friend of mine, he said it was pretty douchy of me to call myself a biologist when I'm not. We're still talking, so I won't share that whole thing. I realise this is the tiniest argument and that it doesn't really matter, but I'd like to know if I was a jerk or if I said something stupid. Sorry for the wall of text. --- TL;DR: I told a friend I am going to meet a girl, a couple of messages later he asked me if I knew about STDs. He then asked me a couple of times whether I knew how Chlamydia spreads, demanding an answer. I told him I'm a biologist, thinking this conversation wasn't necessary (I'm a student). He said that was stupid and made comparisons. Another friend of mine said I was kind of a douche using the term biologist to describe myself. --- EDIT: Apologies for not responding to everyone, I haven't had time. I don't think he's jealous at all. He gets his own dates and has had girlfriends whereas I have not. It might be an odd conversation to have, but I did start by just telling him about my luck. I sometimes go to him for advice"
1174,"AITA for telling a parent something negative about their kid? I work at a daycare. There's this kid there who's a good kid. He's 3, so of course he's a handful and he does get in trouble. But all things considered he's a good kid. And his mom is friendly and awesome. So the other day mom came to pick her kid up. She asked about his day and I made sure to tell her that he had a good day, played well with other kids, and that he's just a good kid in general. I tried my best to make it clear that I like him and honestly think he's well behaved. In the middle of the positive things I told her that he has a bit of a problem saying ""please"". She told me they were working on that at home. I told her that he says please to all the other staff members (who have been there for years while I've only been there a few months) except me. We both chuckled about that and she smiled, so I assumed all was well. Today she went to my boss and complained about it. She said she felt like she was being attacked and it hurt her as a parent. So my boss talked to all of us staff about it. I talked to my boss privately afterwords and told her that I thought I had done everything right. She said I probably did, but some parents are just sensitive. She said from now on we have to bury the negatives even further. I'm furious. If I were a parent, I would want to know the truth about my child, both good and bad. In all reality, the kid didn't have a great day. He got in trouble a lot. So I already lied to the mom, but now I have to lie even more just so she won't cry over it. I hate lying to these parents, but we have to do it all the time. It goes against my morals and I feel terrible for some of these kids because they're gonna grow up to be spoiled brats. Sorry for the wall of text and the ranting. But in all seriousness, am I the asshole here?"
1175,"AITA For getting mad because my parents talked about me oversleeping behind my back? I (M20) live at my parents' house, and my mom usually drives me to uni (she works nearby). The last two days I overslept, and my mom had to wait for me to get ready (10-15 minutes). I often have problems getting up in the morning, but I'm hardly ever late by more than a minute or so, and I've started getting up at 7 am every school day to try and get a more stable circadian rhythm. This morning I heard my parents talking about my problems getting up in the morning while putting my clothes on, saying things like ""I don't know what we should do with him"", ""Maybe we should cut his internet at night"", etc. and I just got irrationally angry about it. I felt really disrespected, like, why couldn't they talk to me directly, or at least make an effort to talk about it at a time where I couldn't hear them? I know this doesn't really qualify as talking behind my back - it's not like they were talking shit - but I had just gotten out of bed, and ended up getting quite angry. Anyway, I went into the kitchen and started making my breakfast, and said ""Maybe you could talk *to* me instead of *about* me?"" to my parents. Later, in the car, I explained to my mom why it had made me so mad, and while I was raising my voice quite a bit, I think she could see where I was coming from. We agreed to discuss the oversleeping thing after we get home. When I got home I sat down with my parents, and my dad and I got pretty mad at each other. I told him the same thing I've told you, that I felt disrespected, yada yada, and he called me disrespectful for living at their place and messing up their daily schedule. I can definitely see where he's coming from, but he wouldn't agree that what they did was disrespectful in the slightest and said that it wouldn't even have happened if I had just got out of bed on time, and that, again, made me furious. I have this problem where I get along fine with friends, but easily get mad and act like an asshole to my family members, and I know that I definitely overreacted. Also, I understand that me not getting out of bed screws with everyone's day, and I'm really trying to better myself. Any tips/subreddits for dealing with angry outbursts?"
1176,"AITA for sharing the details of a romantic relationship with my friends? So, about a month ago, I asked out my best friend. Let's just say it didn't go too well and she dumped me on Wednesday. That day, I didn't feel great and I wanted to get everything out. In speech, we are doing this relationship elevator model thing where we detail a relationship that ascended, and then descended to put it bluntly. It started with pre-interaction awareness, went up to intimacy, and ended on seperation, and subsequent Post-interaction to sum up the model. Anyway, mine took me 6 hours and ended up being 11 pages long (not double spaced). I literally detailed our whole relationship from when we met, became best friends, started dating, and then broke up. I was pretty proud of this, and my friend Sarah, who was in Speech last semester and did this assignment but shared it with the friend group wanted to read it when I said that I was doing it in our group chat and that it was really helping. After that, everyone else in the group wanted to see it, so I just let them all read it too. I took out all of the personal details that might make her uncomfortable that other people know that she pretty much has only told me before I did though. Anyway, I let her read it too and I guess she was under the impression that she was the only one who read it because she got pissed when I told her I let all of my friends read it. I tried to talk to her today (Friday) to give her a drawing she drew that I still had and she told me not to talk to her, so I just gave her the drawing and she immediately threw it away. My friend told me the next period that she asked him if he had read it and he said that he did and she said that was weird that I was letting so many people read it (really only like 10 people at the VERY greatest including her). So, I was kind of pissed that she was talking shit behind my back. I texted her that period and our conversation went like this: Me: So I'm not allowed to talk to you anymore? Her: Why are you going sharing that document with everyone? Like are you fucking serious? Me: Yeah apparently I'm weird because I wanted to get out the feelings of a breakup I wasn't expecting. You said you didn't talk shit behind my back and why does it matter who I share that document with. It doesn't fucking matter. Just because you're a closed book and don't like to talk to anyone about ANYTHING doesn't mean I'm like you. Her: I'm a closed book to people I don't know which is normal. I'm open to my friends and people who I want to talk to and it matters who you share that document with because it's MY fucking business too, not"
1177,"AITA for kicking someone out of group space? At my university, some of the libraries have rooms for groups to work in. Most of them can be reserved, but not all. They are first come first serve, but there are rules listed in each room. One of them say the following: >An individual user must immediately release a room to a group (2 or more) upon request. This includes an individual who is awaiting the arrival of other group members. Oftentimes when I'm with others, I'll kick people out of the room if they're by themselves and I'll cite this rule. I've been kicked out before, and I don't mind. As I said, the rules explicitly say its ok to use it if you're alone, but you have to leave when a group shows up. This morning, one guy gave my girlfriend and I a real hard time about it (calling me a fucking asshole and a whole slew of other things). He was waiting for a group, and told me to wait until his group members showed up. He ended up leaving, but not before cursing at me from across the floor. My girlfriend thinks it's 'legally allowed' but still says its socially a dick move because it's first come first serve for not-reserved rooms. Additionally, we're not consistently working with each other while in the rooms; but mostly helping each other study and get homework done. I think it's fine- and we're using you guys to decide which of us is right. AITA? edit: spelling"
1178,"AITA Childhood friend who means a lot to me, has manipulated a situation to the point where I feel AITA This is quite a long one, it's taken quite an emotional toll on me - haven't been able to do nothing but brood over this. I've had a sour ending with a childhood friend, 10 years of friendship. I come from a fucked up family where one parent leaves and comes back with my siblings, and then the other leaves and alternate. 3 years ago however, one of them ended up in jail and the other one left with my siblings - thus I was alone to fend for myself. I never use to choose sides, but this time I did and I chose to side with the parent in jail. Other parent decided that they did not like this, and that they'll try everything in their power to make me homeless (I'm male, at the time 16) so I ended up staying at this house, that house, and sometimes even on the street. Best friend (call him John) at this time was there for shits a giggles, and I appreciate that, but he wasn't there at all emotionally whatsoever, nor did I expect him to be. So you know, I didn't care, I strut my own game and did what I had to do with the parent bullshit, and he was there for a laugh. After parent comes out of jail, they decided to get back together again, and this time I had enough so I left the country to live with other family. I had to move away from everything, this was the place I grew up in and of course, because I was the one leaving the parents, the parent that tried making me homeless blamed everything squarely on me. (Funnily enough, they've broken up again). John told me he's gonna miss me and all that, but it all felt forced. Anyway, I didn't care. In the last 2 years I've been back to that country and met him. Shits and giggles like the usual. Last year, however, he started chatting shit about how I'm being dickhead to my mother and I need to straighten up. And he said it multiple times - so I'm shook at how a dude who I grew up with cannot empathise with the fact that I went to hell and back because of my mother, and that had me doubting myself for days. I told him how much it impacted me and told him to clear up what he meant just to give him the benefit of the doubt (nobody, apart from strangers, tell me to respect my parents). Having asked him, he didn't reply, *waited around for roughly a month*, so I took that as a notice to end our 10 year friendship and block him off social media and out of my life. Fast forward to this week, he's been getting numerous friends of his to tell me to talk to him, giving me his number so I could give him"
1179,"AITA Am I the asshole for not letting my terminally ill mother pay for my cable and asking her to pay for my medication? Me: Unemployed and living in my moms old house by myself Mom: Stage IV Lung Cancer, living in new house with fiancee and on disability. Situation: Mom pays $200 per month on cable tv I don't use, I told her to cancel to save money, she won't because she thinks I'll use it. I need $68 per month from her to pay for Adderall that I need to look for work and hold a job or do anything productive, she won't pay because she thinks I take too much. She is very sick on chemo and constantly telling me to get a job and how much less money she's getting on disability. Am I the asshole for saying fuck cancer, wtf? In more polite words of course."
1180,"AITA for thinking my boyfriend's not justified in being mad at me? So my boyfriend and I just had an argument... well, I say argument, he gave me the silent treatment before eventually admitting he was mad at me (which he knows full well upsets me more than yelling), but that's besides the point. He says he's mad at me because he's sick of ""having to do everything"" around the house. Which -is- technically true, but I think he's ignoring some key points: A) I never ask him to do any housework - he does it because he prefers a tidier house than I do (he likes a clear sink, I'm happy to let the few dishes we use stay 'til the weekend, etc.). Plus, he never asks me to do any chores for him before just going ahead and doing them anyway (and usually rejecting my help when I offer it because I don't do things fast enough or thoroughly enough for him). And B), he doesn't work or contribute to the bills at all, whilst I work a stressful job all day and don't usually get back until late evening. He's not a student either, though he's planning to go back to education soon-ish. I don't want to say that obligates him to do more chores, and I wouldn't dream of forcing him to 'earn his keep', but it feels like he expects me to both work and do all the chores for him while he plays his game for 30 hrs straight. With those points in mind, I don't feel like he's justified in getting mad at me. But he's still sitting in the other room ignoring me and making me feel like a shit girlfriend, so I don't know. Am I the asshole here? TL;DR: My boyfriend's mad at me because he's ""sick of having to do everything"" around the house. However, I never ask him to do any chores, and he neither works, studies or pays anything towards bills. Am I the asshole for thinking he's not justified in being mad at me?"
1181,"AITA for not switching chairs with my brother A bit of context, I'm currently in highschool and my brother is in University. We're both PC enthusiasts but he also spends long hours studying. In the past, while staying with our dad, we both got some hand-me-down office chairs that were, to put it frankly, beat to shit and not very good. They were uncomfortable and very bad for both my brother's and my backs. At our mom's, however, which we recently moved back to, I have a much better office chair which is adjustable in several ways, most notably, the actual seat of the chair can be tilted forward or backward. My brother is exceptionally tall and needs a range of adjustment, otherwise he gets back pain or his legs fall asleep. My brother has asked me to switch chairs, and I did refuse, but assured him there was room for consideration. I just was not prone to do so at the time. Recently, while I was sleeping, my brother took my chair from the basement and replaced it with his, either not expecting me to notice or not expecting me to care. I did notice, and care. This made me quite livid, which I believe is fairly understandable, as he instead of asking me again decided to go behind my back. I understand my brother needs the chair, but now I feel less inclined to give it to him. My brother has the means to get a chair of his own. Our mom would likely be very supportive of buying or giving him one more suited to his needs, and he is far from being broke himself. This has been my chair for a very long time and it frustrates me that he would rather just take mine than get another. This is also after he stole shelves from my room, which I decided to let go. My brother however has started to make petty threats, like saying he'll take his room back (I'm currently in his old room, he moved to a different one) among others. I understand that this would help my brother; however the manner in which he's handled this has made me less inclined to give it to him. Pardon the wall of text, but Am I The Asshole? **TL;DR: Brother has back problems and wants my chair because it's better. I said no, but was open to consideration. Later, before asking me again, he stole it from me and replaced it with his. I switched them back and he's now miffed and making petty threats.**"
1182,AITA for not praying with my mother on her deathbed? I'm using a throwaway because I really don't want anyone to know about this. Not much to say. She asked me to pray with her. I won't support what I don't believe. She died a few hours later. It's going to haunt me for years but I believe in my decision to stay true to my beliefs.
1183,"AITA for being pissed at my father-in-law's death? I've been trying to take a weekend woodworking class for four years. It's offered once a year. Four years ago money, house repairs, and kids in college got in the way at the last minute. Three, same. Two, wife's cousin's wedding over-scheduled. This year, I paid early, 4 months ago. Made sure it was non-refundable. Put it on everyone's calendar. I was in the clear. I bought tools. I'm packed. Father-in-law died last night. For family sanity, all I can do is repack for a funeral. But inside, I want to scream."
1184,"AITA for wanting my boyfriend's mother to not speak in Spanish in front of me? My boyfriend and I have been together for two years, but his mother and I sometimes have trouble getting along. She speaks English very well, because she's lived in the States for the past ten years. She's originally from Chile and speaks Spanish as her mother tongue. Up till now she's always tried her best not to speak in Spanish in front of me whenever I was around, which is unnatural for her since she exclusively speaks in Spanish with her son. She must've gotten mad at me for something again, because the last time I was at their place, she completely ignored me and spoke to her son only in Spanish. The same thing happened yesterday. Her behavior makes me feel like she's not acknowledging my presence and she's doing it out of spite, because she usually gets mad at me and I would have no idea. For example, she admitted to my boyfriend that she conscientiously ignored me on my birthday because I forgot to wish her a good flight one time. This happens relatively often, and I'm wondering if this is just one of her petty behaviors. On the other hand, maybe she just doesn't have the patience anymore to translate the stuff she has to say to her son, because she's getting old and going through menopause and has rheumatoid arthritis, which she tends to blame a lot of her behaviors on. Maybe I'm being too sensitive and I should just brush it off. My boyfriend brought the issue up with her already and she denies doing it completely, so I don't know how to solve this small problem."
1185,"AITA for being frustrated with a chronically ill family friend? A family friend has been staying in my house for a while now, one that's known my mother for many years. She (the guest) suffers from chronic fatigue, meaning she sleeps for an extra few hours each night and can only really commit to a few things to accomplish each day. My frustration with her comes indirectly from her condition, because it's resulted in her being very socially inept. She'll often comment on things that she really has no authority on as well as generally question things unnecessarily. Additionally, IMO she's quite manipulative, saying things like ""I can leave any time you want"" or ""you don't have to help me if it's inconvenient"", knowing full well how much of an asshole I would at the very least feel like if I were to turn her down. She's staying another week (at least) and for some portion of that it's gonna be just me and her, I'm honestly at my wit's end. Am I the asshole though?f"
1186,"AITA for not giving my girlfriend a bite of my McChicken? Today, me and my girlfriend went to McDonald's. I bought her an ice cream cone and myself a McChicken. When they handed me the ice cream I took a bite out of it and handed it to her. Later she asked for a bite of my McChicken and I said no, as I hadn't eaten anything all day and was quite hungry. She said ""you took a bite out of my ice cream"", to which I replied ""well i payed for it"". She then told me to give back the X-files poster she bought me for Christmas and gave back my valentine and Christmas presents to her. So I'm kind of stuck, am I the asshole here?"
1187,AITA for having a biological child when other children need adopting? I had a beautiful baby son 6 months ago. I have always wanted to experience pregnancy and childbirth as well as breastfeeding and having my own child. A childfree facebook friend posted a status about how it's narcissistic to have bio children while the world is already too full and millions of kids go unadopted every day. I felt like my human right to experience what my female body is capable is not a narcissistic thing. I personally believe that me having my own beautiful son and there being children to adopt are unrelated issues. Am I being narcissistic?
1188,"AITA for being annoyed that my boyfriend won't come to bed? So my boyfriend and i live together. Today he got home from work at 2pm and started playing games on his computer. I have no problems with this. I know it's his hoby and it gives me a chance to do my own thing as well. However, the only thing i ask when it comes to the games is that our commitments come first. One of his friends who he hasn't seen in ages is coming to visit tomorrow and we have made plans to spend the day together. It's currently 1am and my boyfriend has been paying for 11 hours straight. I even took his dinner to him so he didn't have to leave his desk. I feel like i have been super lenient and given him tons of space but i know if he keeps playing he won't get enough sleep and will be tired and grumpy and change the tone of our day. This is something that has happebed before. I know its his life and his game but I'm the one that had to live with him when he's tired, snappy and not as much fun to be around. He is the one that has organised tomorrow so am I the asshole for wanting him to get to bed for the sake of my own enjoyment? Note: i haven't said anything to him yet. Just told him that it was close to 1am as he doesn't always realize what time it is. Im just lying in bed feeling annoyed. tldr: my boyfriend made plans both of us to hang with his friends tomorrow morning and is staying up all the night before to game. Edit: thanks so much for the replys guys. All advice has been taken on board and we did have a talk about how i felt. This is the best sub!"
1189,"AITA if icall out my friend for self diagnosing himself with depression? (14) My friend keiran, and i use the word friend loosely as i tolerate him rather than choose to be around him, he constantly walks away from the group, sits by himself and always says how hes depressed and hates his life, yet he has never seen a doctor, one minute hes happy and one hes sad, it's ridiculous, would i be an asshole if i were to say see a doctor before claiming depression for attention?"
1190,"AITA for saying that my sister will get fat? I have a young tweenage sister who insists on ice cream with both lunch and dinner and occasionally has it as an afternoon snack. I am dieting, so it makes it harder for me and I am also concerned about her health."
1191,"AITA for asking to touch a friend two times? I've been chatting with someone from okcupid for a couple months now, we know each other pretty well, and have exchanged numbers and also talked on the phone quite a few times. It started turning somewhat romantical, and I've basically started to accept polyamory as a concept for my own life because of her. She never wanted a relationship, and I stopped wanting it as well. Still, there was something. We talked about pretty intimate stuff. Essentially we both knew pretty much knew at least the gist of each other's sex and romatical lives. I know she has a troubled past. She had an abusive partner in the past and has nightmares because of it. She is somewhat stuck at home having to care for her mother with alzheimers (or something akin to it, I don't remember what exactly it was), whose behavior is sometimes very erratic. We've arranged dates multiple times and she always cancelled. Sometimes because of work, sometimes she told me outright that she didn't feel comfortable with meeting because she needs a lot of alone time - and because she lives pretty far away, a date would include me staying with her for the night. This friday, to my surprise, she told me that I could come visit because she cancelled her plans for Saturday. That night, i.e. the one between Friday and Saturday, she cancelled again - because she was scared she'd disappoint me, and that she might not be in a good mood, and might need alone time. At that point I was a little done, because I'd gotten excited to meet her so many times and it never worked out, and it was just too frustrating to continue like that. I wanted to end this relationship with her because I cannot deal with never meeting a person I'm as interested in as in her and essentially just text chatting forever. I was a little frustrated and said some things I wasn't that proud of, at which point she wrote ""That's enough."" and turned off her phone. The next morning, I sent her a message, wanting to say goodbye and part on better terms. As I said, I wasn't proud of the things I said that night, so I wanted to at least say some nicer words for a goodbye. After I sent my last message, she told me I could come over now. I wasn't excited. But I thought, I'm not the kind of person to just say ""no"" now on principle, so I agreed if she'd send me the address. And she did. And she seemed excited. She told me we probably wouldn't have sex because she's on her period, and she also told me we'd have to go shopping later because she doesn't have any vegan food for dinner (I'm vegan, she's vegetarian). So I got up, got ready, did my makeup and stuff and drove over to her, two and half hours. I arrived, we hugged, and I was really happy to finally"
1192,"AITA for calling out my BF for his dangerous driving My boyfriend, Pedro is a real sweetie. He is generally kind, thoughtful and loving towards me, towards others, towards service people, etc. He drives like an asshole though. I've told him before that his driving does not reflect the person who he is. He cuts people off, he doesn't let people in. He inches up on pedestrians who are crossing the street in parking lots. Honestly, he drives kind of mindlessly. Like he isn't fully paying attention. He is also a hot-headed driver and gets angry when people do the same thing to him that he does to others. Today we are driving to a national park. Long stretches of road with nothing for miles and miles. He is quick to throw up a middle finger and I have cautioned him about this over and over because there have been so many instances of road rage that have turned deadly, particularly in the traffic-y city that we reside in. On our trip today, a sports car drove past us and then got over pretty quickly. BF immediately threw up the middle finger. The sports car then brake checked us and we nearly crashed into them. I asked BF if his pride was worth us getting into an accident? He totally would've cut someone else off like that and he's done that very thing on this trip. He said he doesn't like my tone. I told him that his hot temper and asshole driving almost got us killed and I think he should apologize. I feel like I don't owe him an apology, even though he's acting like a pissy baby. I am normally very quick to apologize but this time I think he acted like a real jerk and put us in danger. Am I the asshole?"
1193,"AITA for reporting a top football player? This kid, let's call him Paul, calls me a school shooter and thinks I'm going to kill him. He hates teachers and I've never seen him tell a joke that makes me laugh. Recently, I reported him for calling me a ""f**got"" (I'm lesbian and trans), but this got me even more hatred. Am I the asshole for doing this? Update: He got off scot free. I'm pissed."
1194,"AITA for honking So on my commute to work I came up to an intersection to make a left-hand turn. There were two cars in the intersection waiting for a gap to turn. The light turns orange, car 1 makes his turn. I am at the line expecting car 2 to also make the turn since he is in the intersection. He then begins backing up towards me. I begin to back up but see a long line of cars coming up behind me, so I stop and think to let him know that he has to stop. He proceeds to flip me off and call me an assholes for honking. And he ends up stopped halfway onto the crosswalk. Am I the asshole?"
1195,"AITA for switching back bathtime? I have a 2 and a half year old and a 4 month old. The older one needed to be bathed. Usually I take her in the shower with me because she fights getting her (amazing halfway down her back) hair washed, so a shower is so much easier than giving her a bath. Both my husband and his mother (she lives with us) INSISTED she have a bath seeing as it is ""more fun"". My husband agreed he would do it, I said that was fine by me, I had to feed our younger one. A little while later he calls me upstairs because she splashed water all over him when he tried to wash her hair. I go up, interrupting our son's feeding, wash her hair and body (with much fighting and crying) then call him back up so I can continue to feed the little one and he can finish giving her a bath and let her play in the tub. I called him up in a sing-songy voice but he somehow heard an urgency in my voice and ran up. Apparently he just got the baby to sleep and he woke up when hubby yelled back up to me. I did not know that he was asleep. He got mad at me for wanting to switch back out when he couldn't do something he said he could do, that I knew wouldn't be easy so I wanted to do something different in the first place, but I got vetoed. Am I the asshole for switching back out so that he could finish the task he started, (that he said would be ""so much more fun"" if he did it instead of me) and so that I could go back and finish feeding our infant. Forgot to mention, I was kind of already in a bad mood as I had a bit of an argument about her pyjamas with his mother when he took her in the bathroom. (she couldn't find them and I couldn't hear what she was saying)"
1196,"AITA for inviting a friend's roommate to formal instead of said friend? I have a formal date function going on and I've been friendly with this girl but nothing serious by any means. Don't really talk outside snapchat too much but I've taken her to two other functions, one with her roommate and another just me and her. Nothing ever happened in either situation, just hung out, drank, had a good time. I've found though that I enjoy the company of her roommate more. I'm pretty friendly with her roommate as well, so I was thinking of taking her to this function. Only problem being I think said friend would be really upset about me asking her roommate without me asking her first, only thing is I personally see no reason for her to be upset, as we are friends at most. Would I/Am I the asshole in this situation? Sorry if this is kind of vague but I can provide some more details if need be. EDIT: If it clears anything up, I've known the friend longer than the roommate by about a few months, but have been hanging out in person with the two for about the same time."
1197,"AITA for wanting to date any of these girls who I'm friends with? [I posted something] on /r/Advice about a problem I felt I had that I wanted to take care of. I'm friends with three girls that I talk to a bit on Facebook. I like them as friends but at the moment, I'm really hoping I can date someone. I like them all, but I'm extremely anxious that I will alienate them and ultimately lose them as friends. They mean a lot to me as friends as well, I don't want to come across as someone who's friends with them to have sex with them. The whole situation is written in this post, but I'm worried that I'm wrong in the argument I'm having with the guy in the comments. Is he right and I'm an asshole for arguing against him? Are my arguments terrible and the sign of an asshole? I feel like I need to talk to someone and might eventually do it, when it comes to my way of talking to these girls in particular. I'm thinking about dating them more than I'm flirting with them. I'm not *even* flirting with them, I'm just worried that what I'll say will come across as flirtatious. I'm worried they'll start thinking I'm a bad person. The problem isn't who I should date, but the problem is with my behaviour here. I don't know if I'm being overly anxious or if I'm objectifying these girls and should stop talking to them like this. I want to be friends with them, I'm worried that me being the person I am will ruin these personal relationships. I haven't been this way forever though, only recently."
1198,"AITA for being upset with my friend who hasn't paid me back? Alright I'll do my best to give as much context as possible. My best friend/roommate and I have pets. We have 3 ferrets, and one of them is both of ours, while the other two are solely his. One of his, Trooper, had to have emergency surgery back in November for bladder stones and it was a hefty fee ($1500). He was not in the position to pay for all of it, so I covered half of it and also took care of all of the vet trips back and forth, and did all the medications and care afterwards. I told him I would help him the once but I cannot pay again. Fast forward to this month. He had to have another emergency bladder surgery. Another 1600. He has the money as he's saving for a down deposit on a house this summer but expected me to cover half again. I told him that I would not pay for it again, Just like I wouldn't expect him to pay for my animals vet bills. They're his responsibility. However, I told him I would pay it up front and he could pay me back in chunks if that was easier for him. So I paid the bill, did all the after care again and rearranged my schedule for the vet trips. He then decided that he is going to wait another year for his house so he can save more. Cool. So he has the money (more than enough) but has yet to pay me back anything other than 100 bucks. This morning he informs me that he bought a second vehicle (a used truck) for $1700. Now I'm angry. I used part of my savings to pay Troopers vet bill and I don't need that money right now as I don't have any emergency situations but I'm still angry that he has the money to pay me back but just hasnt. And then goes and buys a vehicle for more than he owes me. I know for a fact he still has enough after buying the truck to pay me back as well. AITA for being angry that he hasn't paid me back even if I don't need the money anyway? Tl;dr roommate owes me money, has said money to pay me back but hasnt, and I find out he bought a used vehicle for more than he owes me, AITA?"
1199,"AITA for thinking the Pepsi ad actually had a good idea that everyone took the wrong way ? Im just wondering because i heard in the news all this flak about the ad and thought ""wow this must be really fucking racist"" and after watching the ad it turned out to have a rather decent message to it. I mean think about it this way would the ad still have been considered bad if you stripped away the pepsi marketing and then the Kardashian walked up and handed the cop a flower ? I dont know but maybe the message wasnt ""hey pepsi is a cure"" but ""everyone come together""."
1200,"AITA for going on a date with a girl and then planning on going to prom with a friend? So a friend of mine asked me to prom as a friend. A week or so later, another friend of mine asked me on a date. I went on this date under the assumption I was in the right and that prom girl was not interested in me. I later found out that prom girl was possibly into me and planning on taking advantage of prom to try and date me. AITA for not seeing this and going on the date with the other girl?"
1201,"AITA [23m] being negligent with my ""GF"" [22F] of 3 months? Yesterday I spent the day at my girlfriend's house, but at night we were going to different parties. I would go to the house of a friend who was celebrating her birthday, and my girlfriend did not want to go with me because a friend of hers had invited her to a nightclub. So far so good, because everything was okay between us about the fact that each one would go to a different place. Before going to the party, my girlfriend bought 2 LSDs for her and her friend to use that night. After a while my girlfriend started sending me messages via Whatsapp asking for help, however I figured she was drugged (after a while she confirmed that she had taken it). I answered her messages trying to keep her calm, thinking she was on a bad trip, and that everything was fine since her friends were together. Then she called me saying ""there are only men here, help me, help."" (In her whole life she has been betrayed by men. As a child, when she felt abandoned by her father, when her parents divorced, and her father assaulted her mother, and also when her father compared her body to the body of her classmates. As a teenager (12 by the time) and she dated a boy older than her (15), and he convinced her to have sex. Even as an adult, when she was drunk and raped by a guy she met on the first date. And that created a repulsion in her by the idea of ​​the masculine. In fact, I'm her only heterosexual man friend, she can not deal with men. Her only male friends are gay.) After the messages, she stopped asking for help for a bit. But she called me back after several minutes. She was desperate, said she was lost, that there were only men at the party, that they were all rapists and that she did not find her friends. So she decided to leave the party alone and walk down the street. We live in a country where it is very dangerous to walk alone on the street even more at night and in the center of the city, she was in a panic and called me. I was at the party at my friend's house and I tried to calm her down because I thought she was on a bad trip, after some time she seemed calmer and more sensible, decided to take a taxi to go home while I was listening to her on the way. She talked to the taxi driver calmly and got into the car and then hung up the phone. Then, she sent me a message that she had come home, and that she was laughing and watching adventure time (she loves it), so I imagined she was safe and calm. I asked if I could go to my place, and she says ""okay"" and and so I went. when I arrived, she called me"
1202,"AITA for getting with a girl my friend fancies even though she didn't feel the same way? There is a girl I've known for a few years (before even meeting my friend) from university. We'd flirted here and there but nothing came of it, and we were full platonic when I had a long term girlfriend. My friend, her, and me spent a fair bit of time together in our final year of university, where he developed a crush for her. About a year or so later, he finally admits to her his feelings but she doesn't reciprocate at all, and is clear about that. A couple months later we invite her to stay for the weekend and after a night of drinking the now single me, and her get with each other (just making out). I believe the part where I may be an asshole is that I don't think my friend knows, and so I should have at least told him out of respect. He's a pretty sensitive guy, and so I thought I shouldn't tell him to spare him, but i've been told otherwise. I'm also not sure how this works with the bro code, but I'd like to hear your opinions."
1203,"AITA for feeling like I deserve a bit more appreciation? So, this is cutting an extremely long story short. I have a very close friend that I'm very emotionaly attached to. I do have a thing for this person, but they don't feel the same, which is fine, we're still close friends. Until recently. The past week they've completly distanced themselves from me. I know that they have a lot of troubles in their life recently, much like myself, and I always check in on them to make sure they were okay, and if they weren't then I'd talk to them about it. And I could always tell them when something was bothering me or I had a bad day, just shit like that. Recently though, they've been straight up ignoring. They read my messages and not reply for like 8 hours. I'd understand if that happened once or twice, but this has been going on for about a month. But I still always try to ask them how they are and make sure they're okay. I usually don't get a response. I mentioned this to them, that it kind of upset me being ignored and they went on a huge tirade about how I don't understand and that I never do anything for them. A day or so after this, they apologised and thing went back to the 8 hour, no reply ignoring. Yesterday I sent them a message simply saying that I give up. And have gone on to explain that I think that I deserve to be treated better. Anyway, am I the asshole for doing this?"
1204,"AITA for quitting my flaky friends? I don't have have any friends outside of work, and every time I want to get together with them, they either bail, or they say they're gonna come, and then they bail. I'm ready to just drop them completely because I want them to want to hang out with me, and not just live with this unrequited friendship shit."
1205,"AITA for not wanting to be friends anymore. I wasn't sure whether to post this here or in r/relationships but my aim to get an outsider's perception on what I must have done wrong so here it goes. Grace and I have been friends since she was 12 and I was 17. She's 19 now and I'm 24. Last year, she had problems with her parents and had to move in with me twice. Honestly, It's ruined the friendship for me. Three weeks after she moved in first time, she moved out in anger because she hated and disagreed with my rules about keeping the house clean. She moved back home and we continued as friends. Two months later, she had problems again, asked to move back with me swearing she would follow the rules about cleaning and how I would not regret it etc. I didn't really want to because of what happened the last time but I wanted to help so I agreed. This time she was paying her half of the bills and things were better because I learned to overlook stuff. Whenever something (mostly about sharing the cleaning burden more evenly) bothered me, I'd talk to her about it and asked her to do the same for me. I got the feeling that she wasn't comfortable, didn't feel like it was her place too and my efforts and talks to remedy that changed nothing so I exaggerated the defects of the apartment and told her I didn't like it anymore and we started looking for a new place. I told her that, since I planned to leave the country anyway, she should choose the place and I'd move there with her so we could help each other save money. My dad offered me a small apartment to live in rentfree but I refused because I don't like the neighbourhood, I wanted to continue independent from my dad as he can be controlling and also because of my friend and our plans. I didn't tell my dad about the first two reasons, only about wanting to help my friend. I told my friend about my dad's offer but only my first two reasons for refusing it and reassured her I preferred finding somewhere else to live with her and sharing the bills. Two weeks later she sends me a message saying she's moving the same day as she finally accepted her uncle's offer of an apartment. She said she didn't feel welcome at our apartment and felt judged etc., so she thinks it's better to go away. I told her that it was fine, I would return her half of the bills but I wanted to know if this was the first time her uncle had offered her the place and if yes, why she didn't tell me about his offer so I could be prepared whether financially or giving more thought to my dad's offer. I still don't understand what happened because sometimes she'd say it was a surprise but later she'd say her uncle had been pressuring"
1206,"AITA For Asking If This Was An Appropriate Gift? So my GF travels alot, and she hates doing the dishes with her bare hands. She carries a pair of kitchen gloves with her all around the world so she doesnt have to get her hands dirty. She also hates carrying anything that isn't essential to her travel (she threw my xmas gifts to her away we got when travelling together because she didn't want to travel with them). So we decide to get each other funny /jokey presents for our 1 year anniversary and have a nice dinner out instead of spending loads of cash on presents. She was going to get me a powerbank (a replacement present for an xmas gift she got me which broke), so i was thinking what can i get her that she will travel with (bearing in mind her flat out refusal to take anything non essential on her travels). I find a jokey pair of kitchen gloves on amazon. They are clearly a joke present, they have a fake diamond ring, fake pearls, feathers, and are bright pink. Very over the top. Now i'm not completely socially retarded, and i know this might be a little bit of a risky gift. So i start asking her vague questions seeing how she would react. After an hour or so she figures out what i was considering buying her and all hell breaks loose. Shouting, screaming, cursing (all over whatsapp) etc etc for 3 hours. I tried to calm it down, apologised for a bad idea and asked her to apologise for (what i saw) as an overreaction to a gift idea. Predictably she refused and started bringing up other unrelated relationship stuff as often is the case with arguments. So i really want to know, AITA? EDIT: I'm trying to honestly think of information i have left out that might influence opinions, related backstory: - We have been seperated on / off for 2 months breaking up and getting back together. The reunion was going to be the 1 year anniversary for which the presents were for which might have made things more sensitive? - I have been a pretty shitty BF and have only taken my GF out on 2 / 3 official dates in one year. My business was failing and it took all my efforts to bring it back from the brink of liquidation. I had no money and less time. We had a big chat a few weeks ago and admitted id been a bit of a dick and wanted to improve."
1207,"AITA for wanting my friend to give a timeframe for paying me back? **So TL;DR basically my friend owes me £50 but is stonewalling me on when he's going to pay it back. ** The story is back in November my friend and i agreed to split the cost of a booster box of the Final Fantasy Trading Card Game's second set when it came out, at the time it was £99.99 + 99p postage but wasn't set to release until March 24th. So i placed the preorder and i took the cost of that at the time. This isn't uncommon among my group of friends since we're all heavily into Magic: The Gathering so we frequently split the cost of booster boxes or order all the stuff we want in bulk to save postage and things like that. The way we usually pay is we don't exchange money until we have exchanged the goods, that way if something goes wrong with the delivery or they get damaged before we can meet up then the person responsible for the order doesn't have to worry about paying people back for either an undelivered item or if they made a mistake and damaged them. If we can't pay straight away then we always make sure the person that ordered knows when we'll be able to pay them and we usually try to be upfront about it. This, however, was the first time i was placing the order. So the box gets delivered and this past Sunday we crack it open and split the boosters 50/50 and have a fun time opening them up and comparing pulls. While i was there he asked for my bank details so he could pay me back but it wasn't until after i left i realised I'd forgotten to wrote them down for him. So i message him on What'sapp with all the details and he replies asking how much and i say £50. That message shows as seen but that's the last i hear from him in our private chat but he does add something to a group chat conversation the next day. I thought since he was so keen on the Sunday to get my bank details he'd be paying me right away but that didn't happen. So jump ahead to today, i decided that i wanted to know when he'd be paying me, 3 days with basically radio silence is a bit rude, especially when I'm always courteous when the roles are reversed and i make sure i either have the money straight away or i know when I'll have it. So i sent him this message : >Don't want to sound pushy or anything but do you know when you'll be able to pay me back for the cards? There's no hurry, it'd just be good to know :) Which I feel is polite enough that I'm not coming off like a money grubber or anything. So i wait about an hour and check What'sapp and he's seen the message but his activity shows him"
1208,"AITA for getting mad at a soccer mom So... my 5 year old son does soccer, every Week at a large sports complex that I pay for. The class can have about 5-10 kids each week depending on how many show up. This week was a smaller 5 person class, which I love and my son does better in. Typically parents sit on the benches and watch, take pictures, or just play on their phone. A few of us like to sit right on the sidelines and encourage our kids and assist the coach with reminding our kids to spread out and generally cheer the fuck out of them. This one kid, whose mother was a phone gamer this week, was totally disruptive. He didn't listen to any instructions from the coach this week. He, like his mother was off in his own world jumping on the inflatable dividers (which is forbidden), pulling in the coach's arm for attention, and jumping on top of the other kids while they were trying to listen to the coach's instructions. Typically, I let this kind of shit go because the kid is 5. I understand what it's like to have off days. But the kid was really disruptive. Towards the end of practice the Fuckhead, sorry, 5 year old walks up to my son and blatantly, without warning kicks him in the shin. They don't wear shin guards yet, so you can imagine the reaction from my son, who runs over to me in tears. At this point, I'm fuming, and I decide to talk to the mother. My other parents/friends suggested I let it go, presumably because of my mood but I persist. After practice as the absentee mother collects her Asshole Son, I calmly walk over and say ""Hi, Hello. So... I don't know if you noticed but your son was completely disruptive in class today."" She of course had a shocked look on her face because she hadn't looked up all practice from her phone. I continue, ""He wasn't really paying attention, kept jumping on top of the other kids and at the end he kicked my son on the shin for no reason."" She says ""Sorry."" Just like that. Not ""Oh my gosh, I'm so sorry, is your son ok?"" Just ""Sorry."" So I conclude ""It's Ok. Maybe next week you could just pay attention and coral him. Thanks."" So... Am I the asshole?"
1209,"AITA for being angry with a friend? So I picked up a friend for a sleepover yesterday, and she made me wait 20 minutes for her to come out. This is after I told her I would come pick her up at 245, and she said okay. I arrived at 240 and told her I was outside. Okay, I'm a little early, she still has five minutes. So I waited. And 245 rolls around, she isn't out there. 250. 255. Finally I called her and told her that she needed to get out here because it's rude of her to keep me waiting. 300. She finally comes out, and I'm pissed. She apologizes, but I'm so mad that I don't say anything for a while until finally I calm down. Thing is, she does this everytime I pick her up. Maybe not 20 min everytime, but the fact is I'm always sitting down waiting for her to come out for a while so we can go. She's made me late to numerous things because of it. Her reasoning? ""I'm just not a punctual person."" What? That's not an excuse. And she says it isnt, that it's just the ""reality"" of it (which I still think is a bullshit excuse) and that it was ""extra"" and ""rude"" of me to not talk to her for a bit while I calmed down. So, am I the asshole for being pissed?"
1210,"AITA for wanting a girl to give me a yes or no to going out with me? I posted on /r/advice about a friend of mine who I've been talking to on Facebook for a while. She rarely replies (she's said it's because of work and because she's rarely on facebook, I do trust her. Especially since a mutual friend pointed out the same thing when we were in school. I also don't know what her schedule looks like as she's working on a hotel, which might make the schedule a bit different from any other occupations). The responses most likely accurately told me that she isn't interested. I accept that, but I at least want her to give me a direct yes or no, or at least a response (she's close to 30, so it's not a maturity thing). She usually responds after a long time. The last time she responded quickly was when she was at home and I apologized to her for sending a lot of messages. I don't mind that she takes a long time to reply. I accept that she's got work and I realise she can't make small talk. I haven't sent her a message yet, but I wonder if I would be an asshole to do so. It's the weekend now, so she could be off work for the week. She's already opened the message, so she wouldn't necessarily see in the messages that she hasn't responded. This is nothing new again, she's very slow when it comes to responding. But I feel like this message is different. Now, it hasn't been as long as she usually takes, but right now it's the weekend. I don't think I'm asking too much when wanting her to give me a response right now. Would I be an asshole for asking her what her answer is? I am obviously a bit nervous despite it being likely she says no. It hasn't been an unnatural amount of time, but I don't want to wonder for too long either. I'm sorry if I've already gotten the response that I deserve, i.e. ""she's not interested, move on"". I do feel like the comments in the thread didn't respond to the actual advice I asked for. They said she wasn't interested, but not if I would have been an asshole for asking her for a response. TL;DR: Friend rarely replies, she has a good reason to. I asked her out and she hasn't responded, which isn't out of the ordinary or necessarily a sign in her case. Would I be an asshole for asking her if she wants to go out? Edit: I've already sent her a few messages (What I mean is, the asking her out question is smack dab in the middle of a few other messages), I'm afraid that sending her another one will bother her despite her having said that I shouldn't worry about that."
1211,"AITA for this argument (and my rationale for my stance) about work? Just for some background: I work retail, and this weekend is of course Easter, meaning shops shut early for Good Friday. In the case of our shop, in the run up to Easter, we were told that we would shut at 6pm and not 8pm as we normally do. This was clearly displayed on our door signs, flyers and adverts. Skip forward to today and it turns out that thanks to some manager bollocks there was a mass panic when it turns out we were opening until 8pm, and the realisation was that there were not enough staff. I was asked to do an extra 2 hours on top of my timetabled shift (2-6) to mean I'd be there to close up. I said no, did my shift as planned and went home. I got home around 6.30pm, and got into a conversation with a family member I'll call Roberta. She asked me, as usual, about work. The conversation went roughly like this: >**Roberta**: how was work? >**me**: [tells them about the whole palaver with the opening times] > **Roberta**: so why didn't you say yes to the extra hours then?! > **me**: because I was told I was working until 6, and that's what I did. >**Roberta**: your attitude is terrible you know that? You've gone through life getting things far too easily! Most people would be grateful of the extra hours! When I think back to when I worked, I worked such long hours, plenty of it unpaid and unthanked. *cue a small rant for a few minutes in the same vein* Now this really got to me. Was I given a lot growing up and now? Probably, but I never expected it or demanded it from anyone- as far as I was concerned, if I was given something then I was grateful for such, but at the same time if I was expected to pay my own way so to speak, I did. Plus what equally irritated me beyond belief was the fact that in the past I've done more than my fair share at work- I've come in at stupidly short notice (my record being 15min), stayed behind for hours on end to cover for sickness and absences, gone halfway across the country at 12 hours notice as assistance at another store, often stayed way past my timetabled finish time to do stuff and so on. I've given more than enough to my job for free. Much of it was never acknowledged, much less rewarded with anything other than stress. Although I didn't say it, my entire rationale for refusing the hours was because unlike many of my colleagues, I don't see doing ungodly amounts of hours as some badge of pride, which Roberta did, and the sum total of my waking day isn't ever going to be about work. As the saying goes, I work to live, not live to work. Many of the people I work with literally get up, come to work and"
1212,"AITA for using the word chubby like this, or does he just feel offended by everything? Hi, my name is John and i am a programmer and game writter, i want to talk today about if you guys think this argument was indeed offensive, or just that this person takes things too seriously or gets offended by everything. So i was writing more stuff for this game with some friends, a slight story of the game is that there's 2 chubby,famous and friendly guys that will be fighting monsters and things like that. We didn't have names for this humans yet so if we have new ideas for this 2 humans we will normally call them ""The chubby guys"" one example would be ""What if the chubby guys instead of fighting with this sword, they fight with bow and arrrow."" But there was this time that i gave a good story for the chubby guys, and one of the 4 writers of the team stopped me, let's call him Robert. Robert said ""Hey john can you stop calling them chubbies because i feel that's pretty damn insulting""(please keep in mind we have been calling them like this for like 1month already) but i responded ""No im not, they don't have names yet"" in my mind i also thought if we called them humans we would confuse them with other characters. Then Robert said ""can you not call them chubbies though, i think it can offend some people"" and i said ""I don't see the word chubby as offensive, so no sorry"". then Robert kept insisting and insisting and he said ""Can you call them the famous guys or the friendly guys?"" i said ""No"" Robert kept insisting saying""Also calling them chubbies is just an insult when you could be calling them other things, you keep sticking to that rather then something not so insulting and offensive"" and at this point im really bugged that he keeps insisting even though i already gave him a decent answer so i responded ""The word chubby should not be seen as negative, i already answered you and you keep insisting, even if i stopped saying chubby it would be because of you, and that would make me feel that im not talking how i normally would just because you see the word chubby as negative and offensive"" Robert then called me ""close minded and rude"" Robert is skinny. This is not work, but a team of enthusiast trying to make a game. I don't see me calling them chubby as insulting, yeah he asked me to call them something else but i felt that was really not necessary. we have called them like this for like 1 month. ill try to answer when possible. So guys! do you agree to Robert's point of view or John point of view about this argument? CONCLUSION: So thanks to you guys i realized an important thing, you must respect culture difference, the first problem was that i never thought it that way, i always thought saying chubby guys and"
1213,"AITA for asking my bestfreind to leave I'll start at the beginning. My best friend ""Ruby"", breaks up with her long time douche bag of a boy friend, only to soon enter into a relationship with a ""secret guy"". . . For about 5 mouths she's seeing this person and she won't let anyone know anything about them. I don't really know what to think. Turns out; this person is a guy Ruby works with who was on the outs in his marriage. "" Jack"" was going through a divorce, and thats the reason for all the secrecy, they wanted to be discrete until it was final. Come to find out Jack's marriage had really end privately much sooner. He and his former wife have two young daughters together. Skip to about two mouths later, she is now moving in with him and they have a one bedroom apartment already to go. Again a total surprise. His two girls will have the room and they make the living room into a studio like place. Honestly the apartment looks amazing, it's really put together nicely. Here's the catch, Jack doesn't feel like it's good for the girls, who are over Sunday and Monday nights, to know hes with Ruby yet. I understand that, it's a lot to take in, a new routine and a new house. Mom and dad aren't together anymore, this is dads place this is mom's place, dad picks you up this time, drops you off at that time. I understand need time for the to adjusts before introducing Ruby to them. So Ruby now is stuck in a situation were although she pays for half of everything and takes on the majority of the house hold chores, she is without a place every Sunday and Monday night. And she has asked me to stay over on Sundays (since I always have Sundays off) and shell sleep with another friend on Mondays. I agree obvously because she my best friend. I really want this to work for Ruby because this is what she wants. And I'm thinking if shes really going though with all this I want her meeting the kids, incorporating into their lives and routines to go well. I live in a single , it's decent sized but definitely ment for one person or perhaps a couple. But I'm a single 30 year old gay man, who now has his best friend sleeping in his bed every Sunday for the last 4 mouths. At 1st we'd still see eachother though out the week a few hours here or there. But the last month or so, we now only hang out and chill, on sundays. Which I actually totally understand. Ruby is a very hard working, honest and careing person. She has now taken on two jobs and has started going to trade school. Her weeks M-F have turned into 20 days! It's wild and it's crazy and yet Ruby does it. Getting 4 hours sleep most nights. She's incredible, I know I couldn't do it. Within this last"
1214,"AITA if I tell this annoying guy at the gym to leave me alone and not talk to me? Been going to the gym about a month now and there's this guy we'll call A. He struck up a conversation with me the second I entered the gym on my first day. He'd seen me in the halls at school and I figured I'd give him a shot because it's always easier to work out with someone as opposed to alone. Right off the bat I noticed that he just came off as wayyyyy too eager to be friends, but I'm a patient person and try to be understanding. We're stretching, talking about our fitness goals because it's both of our first times at the gym. I knew I was in for a shitshow when he drops one or two comments about how he's considering injecting *synthol*, which is basically fake muscles and messes up your body a ton. We go through my full body routine and we agree to meet again in two days (Mon/Wed/Fri). He texts me 20 minutes before we are supposed to meet at the gym for our next session and says he's not going to the gym anymore because it's ""too hard"" and ""the struggle is real"". I wrote him off right then and there. It's one thing to struggle with motivation, but when you start talking about injecting crap into your body you don't need and have no idea how to use on top of that, I write you off as lazy with fitness. The following session, I'm there alone, stretching. He walks up to me in street clothes and asks if I forgot about him. I told him he bailed and he was like ""Nahhhh I'm just adjusting my routine and diet. I was just messing with you dude. I'll be back Monday."" I knew instantly that he was lying, but I didn't really care. Ever since then, he comes to the gym 2-3 days a week and just kinda walks around and bugs people. He does like 2-3 single sets of bicep exercises in like an hour and a half. The rest of the time is spent just walking around looking at stuff and talking to people clearly just trying to exercise (earbuds in, not engaging in conversation, etc.). He doesn't stretch, he does most of his exercises in jeans and doesn't even change, and just pesters people. He's not mean, but he's very annoying. He gives others unwanted advice, despite not knowing basic information himself."
1215,"AITA for asking my friend to stop interrupting our time together to talk to his s/o? **Please note: This is a one sided story. I don't have his POV, and I don't know of a way to get his side of the story into this. I'll try to be as neutral as possible, but this can't be done perfectly.** The story starts on April 5. I'm (I may refer to myself as $me if my name comes up in the third person) playing with Counter-Strike: Global Offensive with my friend, we'll call him $friend. So we're playing CS:GO, and everything is going fine. However, mid-way through our game, he says, ""Hold on, $girlfriend is calling. I'll be back in a few,"" to which I respond with, ""Ok, I'll talk to you in a few."" Fast-forward to 20 minutes later, and the game's over. He's still not back on the Discord server. I don't want to play alone, so I get off my PC and watch some TV. Since he's pretty busy playing music, we only get to talk to each other maybe 2 times during the week, and once on the weekend. Since he's busy during the rest of the week, I have no one to play with for the next 2 days. (So I'm pretty upset). On that Friday, I send him [this] PM on Discord. He acknowledges his faux pas and I say it's fine and we go on. Again, we're taking the TARDIS to the future, on April 15. Same thing, and I, in an act of anger, torment him through a Steam message. Something along the lines of ""Remember when Rose wasn't gonna let go but then she did right after? Kinda relevant"". This was my fault, and I didn't think it through. So now I'm an asshole. Today, he comes back, and we play more CS. Now, in an allusion to Groundhog Day, it happens *again*. He says something's come up with $girlfriend, and he has to go again. So here I am writing this post to see your opinions. I have definitely made my mistakes and blunders with this, but I think he could have been a bit more considerate and said, ""Let me finish this game with $me, then I'll call you back $girlfriend. Is that alright?"" Thanks for reading. If there is any clarification needed, I'll try my best to add without giving out privacy issues to either myself, $girlfriend or $friend."
1216,"AITA for finding the accusation of ""mansplaining"" insulting and offensive in this case? So yesterday my wife is outside planting herbs with my daughter. They are trying to fill the pots and want to pour the potting soil rather than use a spade to shovel It in. The problem is that the bag is heavy. So my daughter suggests asking me to lift it and do it. Unknown to me at this time, my wife is against the idea because she thinks I'll make it worse somehow by being cranky because I was resting. However they ask me and without grumbling, I get my shoes on and go out back. I try to get a physical grasp of the problem. The bag is not too heavy, but it is unwieldy and I don't trust how strong the plastic is. So I take the spade and shovel dirt in. ""No. I don't need you to do that. We can do that. We need your muscles."" my wife interjects impatiently. Without saying a word, I try to lift the bag, but I don't see a good place to grab it where I could control it. I pick up the spade again to shovel more dirt in to lighten the bag. ""No!"" She says. ""I want you to lift it. I don't need you to mansplain how to do it!"" Mind you, I haven't said a word at this point. Also, while sometimes mansplaining is sometimes a thing, the term is also usually used incorrectly to bully and demean men. I was very offended by this. So without saying a word, I put the spade down and walk back in to the house and let them take care of it. My wife thinks I overreacted and she seems to be completely unable or unwilling to see why I was pissed off. Am I the asshole here? tl;dr Wife asks for help. Hubby obliges. Wife nitpicks, micromanaged, and accuses hubby of ""mansplaining"". Hubby quietly walks away and goes back to watching TV."
1217,"AITA for commenting on my date's weight? OK, you probably clicked this thinking this is a very straightforward case of OP being an asshole but hear me out. I'd been on 3 previous dates with this guy and a couple times he made comments about his weight, saying that he'd put on some pounds and wasn't happy about it. I responded benignly the first couple times, saying stuff like ""You were probably too thin before. You look healthy."" So now we're on the 4th date and I really want to sex this guy and I'm a little on the drunk side. We're talking about sexual preferences and I admit I'm a chubby chaser. I like fat guys. The obvious implication is YOU are a fat guy. He didn't say so, but I could tell he hated that and I made him feel bad. Should I have kept my big mouth shut? Quick but important detail: my date really wasn't/isn't fat. He's chubby, so maybe being lumped into chubby chaser prey territory was more offensive to him than it would be to someone who is very overweight or clearly fat."
1218,"AITA for not helping my roommate after he locked himself out of the house? First some background. The roommate was paired with me through a housing program. We're both in an affordable housing unit for poor youth. He's generally a nice guy, if frustratingly dumb a lot of the time. I do most of the upkeep/chores around the house, mainly because he's only here for a few days at a time. He clearly doesn't need this place as much as someone who's truly got nowhere to go. Yesterday night he texts me to say he lost his house keys. This isn't the first time this has happened. The last time, I went out of my way to buy him a new key and get home ASAP to help him out. Turned out he left the keys in the bathroom. When we sorted it out he just went on and never paid me back. (In general he's pretty awful about paying me back or splitting costs on shared items.) Anyway, he texts me at 11:45 pm. No clue why that night late, though it's not totally surprising since he keeps weird hours and, again, isn't very bright. By rights he can't expect me to be up that late, so I ignore it. When I wake up I see a missed call from him at 1:30 am and he's sending another text. It's 6:20 am at this point. I still ignore him. (I should point out he's done this sort of thing to me when I've tried to reach him regarding a problem at the house or a mess he made.) Finally he calls me around 6:45 am and I feel obliged to answer. All this time the gist of his messages has been ""lost my keys, please help, at bare minimum leave the backdoor unlocked so I can get in."" I'm certainly not going to go out of my way to help like last time, but I agree to leave the door unlocked. I encourage him to get a new key from management and we hang up. Fast forward to tonight and I get a text at 9:15 pm saying, and I quote, ""didn't get a chance to get to the office."" He wants me to leave the door unlocked again (possibly overnight). I tell him flatly ""no"" and leave it there. No followup texts/calls on either side. Edits: Since people were wondering/misunderstanding below, I'll definitely say that leaving the door unlocked was looking like both a dangerous proposition (risking someone sneaking into the house, not matter how unlikely) and just enabling the roommate to just subsist without actually solving the key problem. He wasn't standing right outside or suggesting a time to meet, he just wants the door left unlocked indefinitely. My feeling is he had all of yesterday to get new keys and blew it off. No clue why didn't do what any normal person would and get the keys ASAP, but he's made his bed at this point. Edit 2: I mentioned that he's dumb specifically because it speaks his"
1219,"AITA For inviting 2 girls to hang out with me at the same time? So long story short, I know 2 girls who also happen to know each other. I'll call them Girl A and Girl B. Girl A and Girl B know each other very well, so I thought it would be cool for the 3 of us to hang out with each other. I texted both of them separately to see if they were free that day. Unfortunately, something came up for me so I had to do something else. But the next day, Girl A comes up to me incredibly angry at me because I invited her and Girl B out the same day. She tells me that she feels less special because I wanted to hang out with more than just her. (How is that my fault?) Later, Girl B confronts me basically saying the same thing, but she tells me I should have asked A before asking B. Well, the whole point of me asking was to make sure they *were free*, I didn't actually invite them out yet, I needed to know if they weren't busy. Girl B decided to ignore my reasoning and just left. As of now, A has gotten over it but B still thinks I'm a dick. Thoughts?"
1220,"AITA for calling someone an idiot? This is petty lunchroom drama, but I feel like it belongs here. Everyone involved is 13 and in middle school. There's this group of people who sit at the table next to mine, and today the table I sit at is occupied by Official School Things. So, obviously, I'm not one to interupt official school business, so I just sit at the table next to where I normally go. Bad decision. Understandably, when they arrive, the normal occupants are pissed. I'm minding my own business, eating with my friends who have gravitated to where I am, when one girl is like ""Hey, (friend sitting next to me), that's MY seat."" Friend moves, because he's really nice. His girlfriend also moves. (Don't ask me why middle schoolers are dating because I DON'T KNOW.) I'm angry that she made my friend move and I go ""Hey, we don't have assigned seats, idiot."" I don't think she's making intelligent decisions, so I meant what I said. She goes ""Call me idiot again!"" I can tell she's angry, but I've always had problems with this girl. I decide to poke her a bit, and say ""Okay, idiot."" Due to me saying this, I GET SLAPPED. SHE SLAPS ME. ETA: The girl who slapped me has a history of getting violent with me, and she's also physically larger than me, if that adds anything. Who is the asshole in this situation? I'm sorry for not describing the other party's feelings, but I don't quite understand their motives. I never have."
1221,"AITA for not wanting my MIL to share pictures of my son on FaceBook? I got rid of my Facebook account over a year ago. I am particularly private as my mother and I are estranged and I didn't want there to be a viral presence for her to find. Initially, I set things up to private but then got annoyed when MIL started with her constant tagging and shitposting. (She is a 60+ retired person who thinks that FB *is* the Internet.) So flash forward, my husband and I have a kid. If my husband sent his mother a picture of the kid, it went on Facebook. I told my husband to not send her pictures if he doesn't want them on the Internet. He agrees. He was excited about a particularly cute picture and sent it to her. So there it goes, immediately as her profile picture. I was on the iPad, so I saw her incoming message of ""Oh, how cute!"" and I immediately tracked down her facebook page. My suspicions were correct, as the timestamp showed that she updated her profile picture before she even responded to my husband's text message. So I thought I was overreacting to the situation and I tried to get over it. When I went over to drop my son off today, she had gotten the picture printed on a canvas and hung it on the wall. To be clear, I have no issue with her printing the photo in question to hang in her home. What I do have an issue with is that she took a picture that was sent to her privately, and then posted it publicly. Additionally, she seems to think that because I don't have facebook, she NEEDS to share pictures of him and that I won't find out since I don't have facebook. It makes me think that she knows what she is doing is crappy, but thinks she can get away with it. If she had taken the picture herself, during her time with my son, I wouldn't mind. I know that I can't control that aspect of her life. But I do feel that she lacks respect when it comes to my own privacy concerns. Looking for some opinions on this because I may be taking it the wrong way. Edit: Had a conversation with the MIL and expressed my feelings. She understood where I was coming from and offered an apology. I said it wasn't necessary to take it down, she shouldn't have to limit her posting since it's her ""thing"" and to ask permission next time. And to double check her privacy settings so her things aren't public. Thanks to everyone who gave their 2 cents."
1222,"AITA for refusing to share Warning: super petty. We have leftover cake. My mother, who bought it, was asking if I wanted any since the event it was bought for, but I said I'll have later. She said it was for the entire family to share. Today, my younger brother came in with the last piece. It wasn't small. Seeing as I hadn't had any yet, I asked if I could have a piece. He claims he also hadn't had any until now, and started whining, saying it's his, he doesn't want to share. I'm annoyed because he always takes things from me without permission. I kept on insisting he give me piece, because mother said it was for everyone to share and I hadn't had any yet. Then he spit on the cake to 'claim' it, and I spit on it too to 'claim' it back. But then he threw it away. Fast-forward a few hours later, he sees I have this flavoured pretzels thing. He demands I give him some, I refuse. He starts attacking and hitting me, trying to grab it and just being unruly around my room, it escalates and I keep on fending him off. He argues that our mother bought it for both of us, even though she just gave it to me and didn't tell me that. Regardless, she asks me to give him some, but I still refuse, because of the cake. It's unfair I should have to share the pretzels when he didn't share the cake. (She wasn't around at the time, but I'm sure she would have asked him to share his remaining slice when he was about to eat it.) He keeps on attacking me. His logic is that since it was bought for both of us, I should share. But so was the cake. He says it's different because that was 'his' piece of the cake, but that piece was the entirety of the remaining cake which still had to be shared. TLDR; brother didn't share cake with me, demands I share pretzels with him, both items were bought to be shared (I think the issue is of portion. To him, the entire cake is to be shared, but when he takes a (large) slice, that's his part. But that large slice was all that was left, and I still hadn't had any. So it wasn't a slice of a whole that he was entitled to, it was the (new) whole. Whereas the pretzels are still a whole that he feels entitled to a piece of.)"
1223,"AITA if I leave to go grocery shopping when a flat mate is not ready? I live in shared accommodation at university, there are seven of us, I'm the only driver and I take two of them grocery shopping every week (the other three sort themselves out, they have bus passes, I do offer to take them though). Normally we go grocery shopping late afternoon/evening. I have a pretty good sleeping pattern and I hate food shopping and would like to get it out of the way earlier in the day and there is less traffic if we leave earlier, plus the shop hasn't sold out of a lot of stuff. I decided to leave at 12 pm, one guy is fine with that as he is up super early everyday. But the other guy always sleeps in and has a shit sleeping pattern. I told him the night before that I'm leaving at 12, today I knocked on his door at 11:40 to double check he is still coming and he said to give him half an hour, I said fine (what's 10 minutes ay!). Anyway, he came out of his room 25 minutes later and says I'm just going to go for a cigarette and then I'll have a shower, I awkwardly smile and say you've got five minutes, he smiles back and says something like ""what's the rush, man"" and goes for his cigarette. I'm fuming sitting here waiting for him to get ready typing this. My question is, would I be the asshole to simply leave when I want to leave with or without him if he is not ready on time? I want to say to him that next week if he isn't ready on time, I'm gone. Am I the asshole? Thanks for reading."
1224,"AITA for telling a girl it's not my responsibility to stop her from sending nudes to me? So a while ago I matched with this chick on tinder. Really smart, hot, determined, successful, funny and we enjoy the same hobbies. She's got some bad history with past boyfriend, but nothing major. We start talking and immediately hit it off. She lives a little far away from me, so we haven't seen each other face to face, and since we're both at university (different ones) it's not easy to make plans. She loves being a tease though, always alluding to being naked or making comments about how I should go ""enjoy"" my shower or whatever. Obviously we started talking about the possibility of sex and it went really well, we're not into all the same things but there are enough overlaps for it to be fine. The other night after she went out with friends and came back pretty drunk she made a comment about how she was chilling in bed in only a g-string and I worked up the courage to ask her to show me. She starts asking me what I want to see and I assume everything is fine, but at some point I do make it very clear that she must only do this if she wants to, and not because I'm asking, but she responded favourably and I left it at that. Like I said, she's a tease. She builds up the tension more and more and when she finally says she's going to send it, I send back an excited emoji. This is where things turn sour. She freaks out on me telling me how I should have stopped her (she never sent the pic btw, so there is nothing concrete to regret) and look out for her. I defend myself saying that it's not my responsibility to stop her. I gave her the option to back out at any time and assumed she would if she didn't want to send a picture. I would have been a bit disappointed if I didn't get it, but I wouldn't be mad or anything. It's her right to do what she wants with the pictures. TL;DR Chick says I should stop her from sending nudes to me, with no real reason given. I say it's not my job"
1225,"AITA for being upset about my girlfriend's housing news? Background: I've been with my girlfriend for a year and a half. She's just finishing her bachelor's degree and staying grad school next fall. Our plan is for me to follow her to wherever she goes to study and live together in the new city, since I'm not that attached to my current job or city. I've been applying to jobs in the city where she's studying since she got her acceptance letter, but I haven't gotten a job offer yet. Today: she texts me and says she wants me to not be mad, but she already told a guy in the city she would move in with him. It's a guy who was looking for a roommate on Craigslist for a 1 bedroom apt. near the University. He would sleep in the living room and she would have the bedroom. he's a student so he would leave in a year. Girlfriend would sign a 1-year lease. I was kind of bothered when she told me that. I said I didn't think this was not good and asked why she only talked to me about this after she had already made the decision. Where I'm coming from: I'm kind of today about the guy roommate thing, since I don't really know who this Craigslist guy is or anything. And I'm kind of upset about the 1-year lease, since it means if I do want to go there to be with her we would have to live apart and it would also cost more. Where she's coming from: she's an adult, and id this guy turns out to be shady she can always call the police. She will save money by sharing a 1-bedroom apartment with another person. And, if I cannot find a job in the city, it will be important for her to have a reasonably priced place to live without me. So: am I the asshole for being unhappy about this news?"
1226,"AITA for trying to get someone to cover my colleague's lunch at work? I have a can't be missed appointment next week (admittedly it's more personal than anything else) it's an appointment I'd rather not miss or announce to the world just yet. Said appointment clashes with my shift at work and since I can't shift the appointment or call in sick (as I originally wanted to), I decide to swap shifts with someone else in my department (call them Ginny) and use 4 hours of time off in lieu I have gathered over time so I end up doing a half day and have the whole afternoon to do my thing. My colleague agrees, I explain to my boss (call her Alex) what my plan is and she agrees. A little while later she gets back to me and says she can't agree to the 4 hours because Ginny would need someone to cover her lunch. She is unable to spare anyone else to cover Ginny's lunch break so she wants me to either cover Ginny's break before I leave or comeback from my appointment, cover Ginny's lunch and then go back to whatever it is I am doing. From my perspective, whilst the first option is good for me, it's unfair on Ginny (arrive at 11am for her shift then go on lunch at 12pm for 30mins then work till 7pm). I did not want to force that on Ginny nor did I want to come back to work half way through my appointment. Normally we would get others in the department to cover for this but right now we have a a team of 8 and bizarrely 1 person has had to take time off with long term illnesses and 2 others are off with holidays that were booked a long time ago so I won't lie, we are a little short staffed at the moment. Alex says she can't spare anyone to cover my colleague's lunch break and I did not feel right leaving her stranded, it was then i remembered a while ago, Stacey from a completely different department had offered that if we ever need someone to sit in for us whilst we were unable to do so for whatever reason, she and Lilly would be happy to do so for us as long as they don't have anything pressing they have to do. I call up Stacey and ask her if she is willing to cover Ginny's break and Stacey says she would be happy to. I call Alex and explain that Stacey would be happy to but to my surprise, Alex did not take kindly to this because she thought the ""request"" for assistant should come from our department not anywhere else and by asking other departments for help makes us look weak. I replied, first of all, we are weak. That is why I was asked to show Stacey and Lilly how to cover my position in case of emergencies not so long ago. Second of all, it was me who asked for"
1227,"AITA for not cleaning someone else's frozen yogurt container? A few weeks ago I was moving things in the freezer and I took out my roommates frozen yogurt for a second, because it was on my stuff and forgot to put it back. He said that when he first saw it, it was warm and disgusting and was probably there for days, but I think he saw it the same day I put it there. Now he's acting like I should clean it out because now it's moldy, but he should've done something with it when he first saw it there. I'm not cleaning it. Am I the asshole?"
1228,"AITA for expecting my friend to share her transportation pay when she did all the driving. So I was recently hired for a pretty straight forward film job that paid $80 + transportations costs. I invited my friend to the job, because we both like having a partnership in filming. She said she would love to, and thanked me. She offered to drive so I told her she would get the transportation pay for gas and such, and we can figure out the splitting of the money later. After the job (which took 3 hours longer than expected), we were given only $80, in which $30 was actually labeled as the transportation pay, when I had thought it was extra to be added. So that's the backstory, here is what happened. I said we can both pay for half of the gas and split the rest of the money. This would give us both $40 at the end of the job, at $10 an hour (I wasn't comfortable trying to pay her less, even though in subcontracting you usually do). She said she drove us there and back so she deserved all the transportation payment like I had promised. So she would get $55, and I would get $25 for the job, at $6 an hour. I told her it was unfair, and that she was clearly overpaid for the [hour of] driving and she shouldn't be okay with leaving me with less than half of what she is paid, especially when I got her the job. Argument ensued. She's getting the money. Am I the asshole? Tl:DR- Invited friend to job, she offers to drive, I offer the transportation money and a cut of the money. Transportation money turns out to be part of the actual agreed payment for the job, and she is paid more for her hour of driving than I am for all four hours of work. She was okay with it and I was not. Edit: Added extra details and added TL:DR. [8:53am]"
1229,"AITA - I want my Husband to skip his sisters wedding The relationship between myself and my in-laws has gone from cordial to non-existent. My Husband and I have been married for 12 years; we met, married 6 months later, moved to Dubai 2 months after our wedding for 4 years and have lived in New York for the last 8 years. I did not get a lot of time to get to know them so the relationship was cordial with his Mom but great with his sister (the one getting married) -- we got along well from the start and developed a friendship. I considered Ann to be my little sister. While in Dubai, I would send ""treat boxes"" back home to his Mom and siblings on a MONTHLY basis. Inside, I'd include local snack items, jewelry, clothing - anything I found interesting and thought they may enjoy. My goal was to 1. Build a relationship and 2. integrate myself into the family by showing I was not trying to ""take"" Charles away from them. As a reward, for our first Christmas, Elphaba (Charles' Mom) send HIM a huge box of treats from the States, clothing, knickknacks and I got a pair of underwear with the $1.99 price tag from Marshalls still attached. Fast forward 4 years and we are back in the States permanently. My Husband (Charles) and I had tried, unsuccessfully, to start a family but it just would not happen. We suffered through 3 miscarriages and many false starts. Charles would share what was going on with Elphaba which was fine. Christmas 2010 - We host the Holiday celebration at our home for both families. There would be a total of 30 people staying at our home for roughly a week. I spent months planning meals, activities, crafts and the like to keep everyone happy and in the Holiday spirit. Charles Aunt, Jem, said she would fly out a week early to assist with prep work and just to hang out (LOVE HER). Over dinner and drinks, Jem informs us that Elphaba secretly hates me and has told the entire family (all of which were on their way) over DINNER in a public restaurant that I was having problems getting pregnant because I was ""broken"" and that she wishes Charles would leave me and get with a fertile lady, that all I do is sit home and spend Charles' money (I am educated and had my OWN money before getting married). There were MANY other things said but these were Obviously I was heartbroken but it all made sense. I always felt a coldness from Elphaba but I just assumed she was slow to warm up and since we were back from Dubai, we would have time to grow a relationship. I took Ann aside and she confirmed her Mom hates me for no good reason and slanders my name at any and every given chance. During Elphaba's stay at our home, I was very quiet and withdrawn from her, too quiet I suppose, so she decides to"
1230,"AITA for Doing stuff with one of my friend's friends? The title really feels like it's downplaying it a bit, this is the closest thing to drama that my school has seen in a long time. This is all in high school, senior year, so I guess it's to be expected, but still. Basically, a few months ago, I broke up with my old girlfriend. Don't worry, that's the last you hear of her. I was really sad, even though I knew it was for the better, and I started talking to this Dutch exchange student. She was beautiful, funny, and pretty soon I found myself obsessed. Valentine's day rolled around and I took her out to dinner. It was great, we both talked, and laughed, and had a good time, I paid for dinner, it was great. When I walked her home, I gave her a hug goodnight and kissed her on the cheek. As I was driving home, I got a text- We should talk. Oh, great. When I got home, we talked it out, and we decided to stay friends- Actually stay friends, not cut it there. We kept talking, as friends, and I took her to the school's semiformal. I bought her flowers, and played careless whisper when I picked her up. It was great- We danced, took photos, put them on instagram, you know the drill. Over the next couple months, we started hanging out less and less. We kept the snap streak and such, texted during chemistry, all that. We decided that we were going to Prom together, The next few weeks, I got drunk a couple times. Sometimes alone, and depressed, sometimes with old friends from Canada. Almost invariably each time, I would text or snap or leave voicemails detailing how I loved her and would be the best husband ever and wanted to treat her better than anyone else. Each time, she told me the same thing; I don't see you that way, do whatever you want, but you're wasting your time on me. It was about two weeks ago that I started talking to one of her friends. Not too close, that I could tell- They didn't hang out every week that I knew of, in fact, I only recalled them spending time together once. I had always kind of thought she was cute, so I started talking to her, she flirted, I flirted back, and a week later we're watching game of thrones with a pizza in my room. Some time passes and Jon Snow takes off his shirt, we started making out, I got to second base, a hand job, and I went down on her for about half an episode. It was fun, and she left the house happy. Cool. Fast forward two weeks to now. Me and the Dutch student have maintained the same relationship, and I was getting excited for my big promposal to her- Horses, a saxophone player, it was going to be great. She texts me today asking what happened with A (her friend). I said"
1231,"AITA for getting mad over a poor apology? Alright, so a little bit of context. I'm been battling clinical depression for quite awhile. It typically came in waves in the past, however in October my girlfriend of 3 years and I broke up and it's resulted in a near constant sense of depression since. Anyways, just as the context. A girl who I dated for a brief time (1-2 months) and then told I couldn't move forward with it because of personal issues and not wanting to subject her to that, have been chatting casually and stuff as friends. This weekend we got into a pretty lengthy argument about some other things that are not super relevant. Part of what came up was that she was hurt/bothered that it didn't seem like I wanted to hangout with her a lot. I explained how with depression, mustering up the ability to even leave the house to go out and do things is very, very hard for me. I basically go to work and then come home. I rarely go out and it is something I'm working on, but it only really happens when someone comes over and basically motivates me/forces me out. This girl, we'll call her Susan, doesn't have a car. She has also never offered to come to me. It's always I have to go to her, I have to go pick her up, or I have to call her a Lyft/Uber. During our argument I told her that, that hurt me because it felt like I always have to go to her, which is hard for me right now, and she never expresses wanting to come see me which diminishes how I feel she thinks about me. Regardless, I apologize and tell her I realize how difficult I'm making things and that I'm sorry for it. I wished it wasn't how it was, but it's a battle for me right now. I did open up to her about the depression thing significantly during this argument. Cut to last night. I get a snap from her saying she's going out to celebrate something with her friend Bob at a bar downtown. A few snaps later and she's already there and say's why don't you meet us here? I'm not a huge fan of the bar, so I decline. Then Susan asks me to come pick her and Bob up and bring them to my house to hangout. I explain that I only have a motorcycle (which she knows), so I can't pick them both up. Susan then asks me to take a roommates car. I explain that neither of them are home so I can't do that. I then say it'd be nice to hangout, so if they wanted to Uber over to my house we could all hang for a bit. This was around 10. At 10:40 I reach out again asking what their plans are since I have to get up at 8, so if they weren't interested to let me know. Susan proceeds to tell me she's on"
1232,"AITA - I brought a sensitive topic to my gf's friend on my gf's behalf (long) got my girlfriends permission to post this: TLDR: I helped my gf initiate a sensitive conflict-esque conversation with a friend, but gf’s friend was not at all receptive and instead got very upset that we ‘handled the situation inappropriately’ background: I caught on pretty early on in the relationship that my girlfriend, ""Jane"", has major eating issues. About a week into our relationship, I asked her about it. I was bulimic in college so I started by telling her my story and asking if she also had issues with food. Since then we've has a very open dialogue about her eating issues. I have learned so many recipes that she finds appetizing and have helped her find a good therapist. I have worked hard to keep her accountable without shaming her. Important for later: One of the hardest parts is that she has an incredibly hard time talking about this stuff. The first time we talking about it, there was a lot of crying and long pauses as she tried to even get the words out. She couldn’t even tell her therapist at first. I urged her to initiate with an email. One quick side note is that Jane was a dancer. She was a modern dance major in college and movement is how she connects to the world most strongly. Unfortunately she has had bad knees since her senior year of college and is very limited. She can't remember the last time her knee's weren't in at least a little pain. The only exercise she can do at this point is yoga, and even that can be excruciating sometimes. She feels trapped in a defective body. SO, cut to Jane’s best friend ""Angela"", who is on this huge fitness kick. She has a whole separate instagram dedicated to fitness. She can't go a sentence without talking about how she's ""doing the whole 30"" and she greets you like ""hey sorry I'm sweaty, I just came from xyz work out class."" She is just a generally braggadocios person. Anytime someone talk about diet and exercise, it takes Jane’s mind to dark places. Many of her early friendship ended because she and the other girl got weirdly competitive about their bad eating habits. Jane has worked really hard on trying to rewire her brain and grow and not let conversations like that affect her, but its still hard. It has all been exacerbated by the fact that Jane can’t so much as go for a jog without being in pain. Story Every time that Jane hangs out with Angela, she rants to me about how Angela dominates the conversation with stories of how sore she is, and how healthy she’s been eating. I always tell her to confront Angela, but again Jane has a really hard time bringing this stuff up. This last time I offered to talk to Angela to get the ball rolling. Jane agreed and gave me permission to reach out. So I called"
1233,"AITA for NOT sharing my inheritance? long So long story, my father passed the end of last year and because of that, I inherited about 45k that HE was intended to inherit. My father was not a particularly good father, he was barely ever around, never financially supported me. Just made pretty shitty decisions his entire life. Ive always had a very good and mostly normal relationship with his family, especially my long been divorced grandparents. Once he went away for a few years when I was in HS our relationship really just became non-existent. He had another son right before he went in with a batshit crazy nutcase who lost custody of all her kids including my ""half brother."" My aunt (his sister) and uncle adopted kindly his son and he has a WAY better life then he ever would have had. After my dad got out and up until his death we had an OKAY relationship but not too much contact. Meanwhile he was staying with my grandmother. She had always made some pretty bad decisions also, especially financially which is why she now lives a very modest life. Anyway, to get to the crux of the matter, I inherited this nice little nest egg. I have debt from when I put myself through College, just bought a house with my SO, have $0 savings, and would really like to get married and have my own family. Since I received that $$, I paid off some high interest debt from school, and put the rest into a savings account. My grandmother, whom I love dearly has been hinting at money problems ever since I got this windfall. She had also mentioned a few times that my father would have wanted BOTH of his sons to split the money. My ""brother"", or in the real sense, cousin is now 9 years old and barely even knew my dad as half his life he was in jail and the other half my aunt and uncle were always fighting about it. Also, legally because he was adopted, he isn't legally entitled to anything. I could put some money in an account for my ""brother"" and help my grandmother out with a couple thousand but that would virtually leave me with very little left. And personally the way I see it is that my grandmother is responsible for her own financial instability and I should definitely not be responsible for trying to rectify her mistakes. If I were a millionaire then I could, but Im just basically starting my life. And my ""brother"" wasn't really even my father's son. He didn't have to put up with all the bullshit. He has a good life with my aunt and uncles family. AITA for not giving my grandmother and brother some of my inheritance? EDIT: Thank you all for the advice and insight. It was good to see that the majority of you would do the same as me. Ive paid off a good chunk of debt and I can now breath month to month without"
1234,"AITA - Told my good friend i was pretty much superior to him in every way. So i have always gotten along perfectly with my friend until i disagreed with one of his political views. I'll refrain from saying what it is just in the interest of keeping the discussion focused on whether i am the asshole or not. In truth i am pretty apathetic on the issue. He sent me a political meme along with a laughing emoji. I say ""really? i think (insert opinion here)?"" He replies back to me: ""Dude. you really think that? Like honestly? That's ridiculous."" He then sends me a handful of angry paragraphs with links after each one. I skim it and reply ""I guess i can see your point"" in hopes of defusing the situation. I didn't think much of it until the next time we decided to hang out. He asks if I agree with him after what he sent me, and i say no, i do not. He says that he cant believe i would think something so absurd. I tell him i really don't care all that much about the issue, and i think it is fine if he has another opinion. He demands that i explain my reasoning, which i agree to, but am interrupted in absolute rage after a few seconds. He rants about how wrong i am and how stupid it is to hold such an opinion. Trying to be reasonable, i again say that i see where he is coming from. I then make multiple attempts to casually shift the conversation in another direction, to no avail. After the casual route doesn't work i straight up say ""dude, can we just talk about something else? I'm sorry we disagree but i came here to have a good time, not argue."" He disregards this. Hours go by before i finally make up an excuse to leave. We decide to hang out again the next week. After greeting each other the first thing he says is ""Look, about last week dude. I just get really heated when it comes to that topic."" I reply ""no worries, we have all been there man."" I am relieved that all is well before he immediately says ""Ya i mean it's just (insert random opinion) really doesn't make any sense to me. Like how can you really believe that and still call yourself a good person?"" My stomach turns as i realize what this is about to snowball into. And it DOES. Once again i remain calm and nod my head as he rants (though this time i am getting really mad internally). I ignore the little jabs at my intelligence and questions of my sanity. He yells he is not done yet when i try to change the topic (At this point i really AM questioning my sanity). When nothing changes after about 40 minutes i once again tell him that i have to leave. He looks at me in disgust and says: ""You're really gonna disregard all the points I've been"
1235,"AITA for telling him to not take online things seriously? This happened about an hour ago, and I don't know if I was being an asshole in this situation- To start this, I'm going to mention that I used to use online dating sites; mainly for a bit of banter to see who was out there (a la ""The Den""- minus the murders) and then as a form of looking for hookups like I used to do on tinder. I wasn't looking for anything serious, just a bit of fun. I met this one person, we chatted, exchanged kik usernames (I don't disclose facebook info to people I don't know), and we started talking on skype. There was a bit of webcam stuff (as we live a fair distance apart), but I noticed he was a little bit more serious than I was about it. I was a little bit uncomfortable with that as I really wasn't looking for anything serious at the time. Eventually college, coursework, spending time with my family and issues with my friends ate up a lot of my time, and I didn't have a lot of free time. I told him this and he did message me every so often but the conversations were short lived, so I didn't think he was interested/that bothered as it wasn't serious, and left him alone/moved on (and also got into a relationship) I got a message from him today saying ""baby"" I sent him ""?"". I also sort of forgot who was messaging me as it had been a while without contact. Had I not noticed the chat logs, i'd have asked who it was and how he got my contact information. He tells me he misses me, I ask him why. He says that he got feelings for me. This kinda annoyed me because him taking something, that was essentially a hookup, over the internet seriously. I told him ""this may seem a little bit dickish, but you only know me over the internet"". He tells me things like ""I enjoyed the time we had even if it was just over the internet"" and I reiterated the point of that fact that it's the fucking internet (and not even a relationship either)- that he's taking it way too seriously/got attached"". He tells me ""I'll leave you alone I guess I'm just being a nuisance"". This one sentence pissed me off more than anything. to me it comes off as playing the 'I'm going to blame myself more than ever to make you feel bad about what you said"". It felt like a guilt trip and I wasn't having it.Then goes on to tell me he didn't take anything seriously, despite what was said while we were chatting previously over skype/kik.... And having told me he has feelings for me 10 minutes prior. I'm really done with this so I tell him the cold hard truth, that is the fact that A) He barely knows me (if at all) and B) he only knows me online, on ONE website, and"
1236,"AITA for going home? So last Saturday I went to a party with two of my friends. I got way too drunk and had trouble walking straight, staying alert and was visibly a mess. I have social anxiety and the party was super crowded and I could feel myself beginning to have an anxiety attack. Obviously, I wanted to go home. So I told one of the friends I was with that I wanted to go and she agreed with me because she wasn't feeling great as well. The other friend was furious that I wanted to go home and tried to make me feel guilty and kept saying that I would regret not going. Finally she says it's not fair because she wants to stay downtown and I was going to ruin her night. I'm arguing back and forth with her on the way to the bus stop, trying my hardest to find a compromise. I told her that I would stay with her until her boyfriend got there and then I would leave but she refused and demanded that I stay the entire time. I said no, I'm having an anxiety attack I need to go home and she just was not having it. For some reason she decided to focus all of her anger on me rather than between me and the other girl who wanted to go home. Finally, she gets in my face and starts screaming how I'm being selfish and that I'm ruining her night. I'd had it at that point and was crying and super drunk so I yelled ""stop screaming in my fucking ear"". Then she got in my face and screamed ""HAH? Stop screaming in your ear? Stop being so selfish"". So I rolled my eyes, yelled again for her to stop screaming at me and got on the bus. A minute afterward she and the other friend got on the bus and sat as far away as possible from me. It was empty though so I could still hear her talking shit. Anyway, three days later and she has yet to apologize or say anything to me. AITA here?"
1237,"AITA for making a stink about the label on a song I contributed to? I write songs as a hobby. I have a friend who I have written with a few times, but we're not compatible enough to really do it long term. Once in a while he or I have an idea we think the other would be good for, and we've both been assholes to each other over the years. Once he stole a records worth of melodies from me and then declared that he wrote them, only to admit later that ""maybe I had developed that *one* song somewhat. Bottom line, I think he's a little shady when it comes to giving credit so I'm always a little wary whenever we work together. This song he's working on, he says he can't figure out the vocal line or the lyric. Asks me to see what I can come up with. I sit down with the finished bed track and write and record a lyric and vocal melody. He loves it, says I'm a genius and a real talent and praise praise praise. I feel like a million bucks. Two days later it's on his soundcloud tagging him as the writer and ""feat. Beej"". I email him. ""Nope. Co-written"". ""No, I wrote it. You just came up with the vocal melody and lyric"" I tell him, ""Take it down. I withdraw my permission to use my contribution."" A month later I upload a new song with the same vocal melody and lyric, but with my own bed track and slightly altered chords. Neither of us make a living at writing. It's just for fun. Am I an asshole for taking the slight of not being called a writer too personally? Am I an asshole from taking back my work and rejigging it into something I could plausably call an original piece?"
1238,"AITA for still being angry at my girlfriend? Infidelity and dishonesty are my two biggest fears in dating. They are my Achilles heal. Within half a year both of those fears were thrown at me by my girlfriend, who I still love deeply but am very angry with. After dating for six months my girlfriend and I had hit a rough patch. I was jealous and insecure and constantly afraid that my girlfriend wasn't being honest. She was in a depression, an alcoholic and anorexic during this. She only became aware of the alcohol and anorexia two months before we split up. She became very distant and very hard to speak to. I was scared and anxious and acted irrationally by hovering and smothering her. A day or two before a big Christmas party with all of our friends she decided a break was in order. During the party she was very snarky with me and refused to open my Christmas gift. I don't bother talking to her the next couple days and on Christmas Eve I'm invited to her mom's house for dinner the next day. After that dinner, which was wonderful, she told me she loved me and that I should come over so we can exchange gifts. Everything was great. The next day she came over in a fuss and broke up with me. After about a week and a half she says she misses me. She goes to a residential program for eating disorders, changes drastically for the better. When she came home I had heard from someone that she slept with her roommate (we'll call him Guy) and my friend of many years. I was upset and I confronted her. She told me it was one night and nothing else. I confronted him and he said the same thing. I try to move on and it's going well. During one of my nights of tossing and turning my girlfriend, who is fast asleep, rolls over, moans and says Guy's name. I got very nervous and upset and in my sleepy mind I found it right to look through her phone. I saw that she had cheated on me Christmas night, within an hour of us exchanging gifts. She had been contacting other guys as well. I went back further and saw suspicious texts from an ex and read them. I ruined her privacy and I felt horrible. The next morning I woke her up and explained everything and how sorry I was that I went through her phone but that didn't change the fact that I needed answers about everything. Over the next few days I found that she cheated, spent more than one night with Guy in his bed, was doing cocaine behind my back during the beginning of our relationship (she was aware that my father died of a cocaine overdose and that I have a very big problem with it and most hard drugs) and had lied about all of it. I had the biggest gut feeling when we started dating that she wasn't"
1239,"AITA for telling someone that they're annoying and I don't want to be their friend So this happened a few months ago and I still think about it. I knew someone who was super annoying and frustrating to deal with. They would call me and my other friends names, insult us and would take our things and wouldn't give them back to us just because he thought it was funny. He would especially target me over everyone else. He would even call me out if my grammar was wrong or I screwed up a sentence. My friends and I would even vent to each other about him when he wasn't around but no one ever said anything to his face. One day I got so fed up with him that I told him off and stopped talking to him for a couple of days. He kept asking why I wasn't talking and eventually my girlfriend (now ex) told me to tell him what was wrong so I did. I told him that he was the most annoying person that I have ever met and I don't want to be friends with him anymore. Afterwards my ex and her friends treated me differently and he ended making me look bad to a few people. My ex told me that she would still stay friends with him even though he treats her like shit and calls her names and would be kinda creepy around her. I didn't and still don't understand why anyone would want to stay friends with him and no one seems to like the fact that I told him off even though they all want to. Everyone acted differently towards after I did something they were to scared to do. Was I the asshole in that situation?"
1240,"AITA for waiting in the car while my sister visited the doctor A couple days ago my sister (she's 16, I'm 18) asks me to drive her to our family doctor's office for a scheduled appointment so she can get a couple perscriptions renewed. No problem, I pick her up from school and I even buy her coffee on the way there. Once we get there she says she'll be 15 mins tops, and I say I'll wait in the car. She says okay, leaves, comes out around 15 minutes later and we drive home. A couple days later my mother confronts me about this, and raises a stink about it. She says she told all of her friends at work (all middle aged women) and they all agreed that it was weird I did not go in with my sister, and tries to cite this as an example of me not caring about people. I try to explain to her that (a) Doctor's Office waiting rooms are disgusting and uncomforatable to wait in (b) She was going straight into the doctors office and coming straight out since we arrived at the scheduled time. If we had to wait an hour I would have gone in with her (c) She is almost 17, and able to do this thing by herself, and did not bat an eye when I said I would wait outside. If she asked me too, I would have come in. (d) It was really nice out, and I would rather finish my coffee in the car. I feel like my mother is always trying to interpret meaning from things I do where there is none. Or maybe I am an asshole, and if thats the case I will apologize."
1241,"AITA for breaking my brothers nose? HI. I am 20, my brother is 21 So my brother and i live together(for 3 months) in a small apartment and after getting into an argument he attacked me on the couch. After a struggle and him hitting me on my back and getting me into a chokehold I got up and punched him in the face - Unfortunately I broke his nose. But now he is trying to put it on me saying: ""I would never hit you in the face"" ""How could you do that"" and a bunch of other obscenities(I hate you, want you to die etc.) - so my question is, am I right to be blamed? And another thing: the final point before he attacked me was this: We were arguing - i am on the couch, he is standing outside his room. He starts hitting the wall and kicking shit - destroying shit, I call him a faggot for doing this. Honestly, who does that shit? - and this is how he says I provoked him - by calling him a faggot. I never meant to hit him so hard or make his nose bleed or anything like that. I feel horrible and one of us will probably move out soon since he won't accept my apology. Is there some sort of 'boundary' that is crossed when someone(brothers) hits another in the face or was the boundary crossed when he attacked me? One more thing. I've admitted I feel bad, I have apologized multiple times and no matter what he keeps on emphasizing: ""I would never do this to you"" [break my nose] tl;dr: broke brothers nose after he attacked me - am i the asshole?"
1242,"AITA for not wanting my husband to go out? My husband has a sore back. This means that I am doing the majority of the housecleaning as well as child care. It also means that I really can't leave the house. I have given up all exercise classes as well as going out with friends, as he can't lift our child. This has been the case for a couple of months now. The question is he will be going out for several hours tomorrow night, meaning I will need to take care of bedtime. Tonight he decided to go to a movie with friends, as he will just have to sit down, so it won't hurt his back. From his point of view he left later in the night and I wouldn't need him anyway. From my point of view I am just so exhausted from doing everything with literally no break (we have limited family support for babysitting) and about 20 minutes a day to myself. It just makes me so bitter that he is going out frequently when that is not an option for me because of his back. He thinks it is ridiculous that I would want him to stay home just because I can't go out and I honestly don't know. My friends aren't rational so I can't get an unbiased opinion. Thanks!"
1243,"AITA for not wanting to ""save"" my friend from an awkward hook up? She got picked up by this dude to hook up at the guys house. She brought wine and didn't bring her car. The guy drank way too much wine, was being a drunken idiot and fell asleep. I just got home after being awake for 17 hours, earlier today I had to pick her up from the city which is an hour and a half away from me, I had to move boxes, went to a BBQ, got drunk, sobered up, got home, laid in bed, closed my eyes and she texted me ""HELP ME."" Long story short, she's not in danger, she just wants to go home. They hung our, hooked up, he got way too drunk and passed out. She's been talking to this guy for months, too. She's 40 minutes away from me. I don't want to pick her up. She should've brought her own car. I'm exhausted and want to go to sleep. I ultimately said no and she stopped answering me. AITA? Edit: Reasons why she wants me to pick her up: - ""he's talking about judges???"" - ""its so awkward"" - ""he has a bush"" - ""I just want to go home"" - ""I hate my life"" Edit 2: Thank u guys for all the input! Here, take an internet kiss from me 2 u :* She called me this morning and told me she wasn't mad at me and that she recognizes it was her own fault, so we're coo! Hope u all have a blesst day love u bye"
1244,"AITA for cutting off contact with a girl that I liked? (and an additional person) So, this is a really long story. I started working at a pizza place about 9 or 10 months ago, and this really cute girl started working there around the same time as me. I had a crush on her for a while, and then a co worker outed me. She would ask me to buy her things, and then after a while, I realized that it wasn't doing any good, so I stopped being a yes man. She would start getting jealous when girls would flirt with me, or at least, when she thought girls were flirting with me, and then I had enough and told her that I wanted to just be friends with her. She started becoming super sexual towards me, asking me to grab her butt and stuff like that. So, despite my better instincts, I did. A day later, I told her that I shouldn't have done that, and that I still wanted to just be friends with her. So, she would do things like grab at my crotch and stuff, and after a while, I began to go after her again. We sexted a few times, and it became a weird sort of semi-relationship. Then, this one guy who we were friends with got a crush on her. Now, I could be wrong, but in my mind, he thought that he could just move in on her and I'd be pushed to the side. He would say weird things to me, trying to get me to be jealous, and honestly, it worked. He was in the position that I was in when I was a yes man, he'd literally do anything for her. He was basically her personal chauffeur. I think he really hated me. He was jealous. He was literally doing everything right, and nothing was working, meanwhile I was sort of trying to get out of it (again) and she liked me more than him. So, I was planning on taking two months off, and two days before I was going to leave, he asks me ""Why does it seem like you keep going after her if you say that you want me to be with her?"" or something like that. So I explained to him that she's told me she doesn't like you in that way, and that she's gotten mad at me for ""pushing her towards you"". Which is 100% accurate. And I guess I said something like ""She told me that she liked me"". Which isn't true, but for some reason I thought it was. And, while it was technically a lie, it wasn't inaccurate as literally two days before, we were sexting each other. She lies to him and tells him that she never said that. I asked her why and she said it was because she didn't want him not to be her friend. He thinks I'm an asshole, so whatever. I work with him one more day, he's makes it clear that he"
1245,"AITA For saying ""uh-huh"", instead of ""you're welcome"" in response to someone thanking me? I do quite often respond with ""you're welcome"", but when I'm distracted, or have something else to do, ""uh-huh"" becomes my default."
1246,"AITA for not being able to make A+ first impressions? Hello all - My girl and I have been together for over a year now and things are great. She's funny, smart, successful, and smoking hot and we are in love. What could go wrong? Well recently her and I went out for drinks with some co-workers of hers. I do not really know these people that well and am kind of a quiet person around newer people. I have no problem meeting new people, but, like other people take a little bit before I am comfortable opening up. My girlfriend, on the other hand, is the master of first impressions and leaves everyone loving her after 5 minutes. She said she got mad at me for looking like I didn't care when we hung out with these people, even though by the end of the night I was laughing and conversing as well as anyone could hope. This has been a recurring pattern in our relationship. She is not from the town we currently live in and doesn't have a lot of friends. So when she introduces me to friends and family it is a big deal, which I recognize. However, no matter how hard I try it never seems to be good enough. I'm not the kind of person that can immediately win someone over and be their best friend like her, it just isn't me. We almost broke up one time after I spent the week with her family at her home and she said I didn't ""wow"" them enough. Sidenote, I spent months learning golf for the family event we were attending, took her to dance lessons to prepare for a wedding she was in, and in general spent most of the trip as her chauffeur on top of going broke and eating ramen for weeks to pay for the trip. My question to you all, is she being unreasonable expecting me to be someone I'm not? Or am I just not stepping it up enough? I really do put in the effort to be friendly, but I am just not capable of reaching her caliber right away. tl;dr: Girlfriend expects an A+ first impression with everyone I meet, I can't do it. Who is unreasonable?"
1247,"AITA - I called the cops on a loud party The party went on from several hours from approximately 6pm until well past 10pm which is when the music is supposed to be turned at least down. At midnight with the party seeming to only get louder I decided it was time to call the cops. I find it very assholish and inconsiderate to have loud parties when you know it must be disturbing peoples sleep. edit: Some facts I should probably include: This is in a residential neighborhood. We aren't talking about an apartment or a dorm. It was the next street over which my backyard backs up to their backyard. The house was probably a good 4 to 5 doors down and yet it sounded like it was right next door. It was obnoxiously loud, and the city ordinances here state that after 10pm it is illegal to have music emanating from your property. I feel I did give a 2 hour grace period before I finally called it in when it woke my wife and I up after midnight."
1248,"AITA - sitting down first So I'm walking into the breakroom at work and it's rather full there is 2 chairs at 1 table me and another guy both reach for a chair at the same time and I grab the chair first he announces loudly ""okay!"" Then storms out as I sit down am I the asshole for not giving him the chair and taking the other one? (All chairs in the breakroom are the same plastic pieces of shit)"
1249,"AITA - Not wanting to help the boyfriend paint AITA for not wanting to help the bf paint? Boyfriend just bought a new house that we live in together. It was perfectly move-in ready but he wanted to do several construction projects that were invasive and messy. As a result, the space is quite a wreck and has been for a month. I just wrapped a week long contract job that was very emotionally and physically draining. During the time that I was on this contract job I was away from the house from early in the morning until very late into the evenings and even spent the night on location a time or two. I have been quite exhausted. I guess boyfriend has used this time to clean up the mess and get things done. Connected the washer and dryer, started painting ceilings. Boyfriend and I carved out a little bit of time to have tea and spend time together during this job. It was then that he expressed that he feels that I am running myself ragged and then running out of energy for our relationship. I expressed that I am very tired but can see the light at the end of the tunnel. I expressed that I needed to complete some things, get my bearings and then I'd have more time to focus on house things. The contract job ended today and I will be getting an extended break from my actual job in about 3 weeks. I thought that boyfriend understood my level of exhaustion until he asked me to please come home from the end of this contract job today and tape off the ceilings so that he/we could paint tonight. I initially expressed that I knew I would be tired and he said that I didn't need to tape off the ceilings. I felt guilty and unsupportive so I begrudgingly said I'd do it. He texted me today as I am running around for this job and suggested that tonight we make dinner together (our stove is not even plugged in...our dishes are not unpacked, the cabinet doors aren't even on) drink wine and paint the ceilings. I was initially pretty pissed because we had JUST discussed how taxing things had been and that I was just a few weeks away from having more time. And I was annoyed that he couldn't wait a single day to start working on projects. And annoyed that this seemed more important than spending quality time together, though we would be spending time together while painting ceilings. I didn't say anything about it because I thought that I was maybe being overly emotional or difficult. But when he got home I was pretty upset and let him know that I thought he was being pretty unempathetic by piling work onto my plate the very evening I had wrapped this job. This devolved into an argument when all I wanted was an evening off and for him to acknowledge that he had been kind of insensitive. Am I the asshole here?"
1250,"AITA - Crosswalks and honking I was biking to the bookstore when I was about to cross a crosswalk with a car halfway on it, dropping off someone. The passenger got off, we both started moving, then they stopped and let me cross first, but right when I was in front of it it honked. I turned my head instinctively and saw someone who may or may not have been on her phone out of the corner of my eye. Should I have let them go first? Or were they honking at the other person for possibly being on her phone?"
1251,"AITA for throwing my brother out of the car? I'm mid-20s while my brother is mid-high school. My mother voluntold me to pick him up once a week from practice late evening. He's on the same side of town I work while we live on the literal (55 minutes) side of town. I waited it out last night to pick him up. I arrived at his location about 5 minutes before dismissal. He walked out--looked directly at the car and went back inside. Mind you, this same car, the same car he calls dibs on every other week to drive when he gets his license. I thought maybe, just maybe, he didn't recognize the car, it's dark. He'll at least text me announcing he's done. He's been informed previously that I've been assigned to pick him up. No. I sat there for 5-7 minutes until I rolled up and yelled his name out the window like a hood. Phone in hand, he came to the car and got in. I drove out the parking lot clearly pissed as I stayed silent. It wasn't for another 10 minutes he said ""Hey."" Face still in his phone. Today, unexpectedly, I had to pick him up from school about 35 minutes away. I was previously occupied unwinding from work at my pool league. I finished up what I had to do (2.5 hours) and headed over. I picked him up grudgingly. He mumbled something but I didn't hear him. About 2 miles from his school, he (apparently) re-asked if he could charge his phone (instead of the charger charging my phone). I snapped ""NO."" giving the reason that all he does while I'm chauffeuring him around unappreciated is break his neck into the phone. It blew up into this fight that I didn't respond back to him previously when he said ""Hi."" The night before--at which I responded that I will not interact with people who clearly don't want to interact with me (i.e. Face in phone). Mind you this was a YELLING match. I told him that what I'm wanting to tell him (that he should actually listen) will help him in his ""game"" not just with girls/women but life in general. Instead of listening, he's constantly yelling and saying ""I don't want your advice! Etc etc etc"". After trying to get a word in edge wise, I responded with ""Fuck it. Get the fuck out the car since you know everything."" And left him about 5 miles away from the house (in a safe area, city bus applicable area). Am I the asshole?"
1252,"AITA for not wanting to hang out with my in-laws? I got married in August. Right after I got married there were some cuts made at my workplace and I lost my job. Thank God I saved up and was able to not go hungry. I ended up being jobless for about 3 - 1/2 months. During that time my wife told me that we could maybe borrow money from her mother and that she was cool and could let me pay her back in installments. Up to this point I never really had much interaction with my in-laws, but they were pretty neutral about me. I talked to my mother-in-law and she was really nice about it and kept saying things like ""It's all good, we are family now."" Sidenotes - my wife is currently studying full time and is about to finish up her degree which is why she couldn't help with the inflow of money. Also I have a crappy relationship with my family for other reasons which is why I never asked for money from them. Fast forward to when I started my new job. I start off working 40/w at minimum here in Texas (7.25). I then start getting messages from wife one morning saying that if I had the money to pay her mother back. I obviously didn't because I barely got the new job, plus I was told I could pay with installments. So I tell my wife that and she texts back ""alright."" So that's that. I get home after work and I noticed that there were a good amount of groceries that were missing even tho I had some groceries the day before. Well, it turns out that my wife's mother wanted to make a buffet or something that day and needed groceries, so she visited my wife and took everything that she needed from US! My next reaction was ""Well, why the hell did you let her take it?!"" And my wife started crying and telling me that her mother needed the money she let us borrow at that precise moment to buy groceries and since we couldn't pay her back she was going to take our groceries. That is just crazy but she helped us when we needed it so I let it slide. But ever since that day every time that lady needs something she pretty much harasses us into doing it by ""asking for favors"". Ex. Taking her to the airport in Mexico (we live in the border), taking her younger kids to school, walk into our apartment whenever she wants, tutor the kids, etc. And now there is no schedule for payments, whenever she wants/needs the money she calls us until we answer to ask for a payment. But here is the kicker! not only do we do every little thing she asks, every time we see her she reminds us of that money that she let us borrow. With mothers Day approaching my wife has a whole day a festivity in mind to spend with her mother,"
1253,"AITA for setting my bag down Crowded breakroom I walk In and see an open chair I set my bag down on the chair and pull out my water bottle, I turn around to the water cooler that's near by to fill it up. suddenly a co-worker sees my bag and announces "" OH. my. god. "" I'm now standing behind her waiting for her to move so I can grab my bag and sit down, she sees me scoffs at me and walks away. Am I the asshole for setting my bag down?"
1254,"AITA for burning a mosquito alive This post is unconventional but I did something kinda fucked up earlier. There was this giant-ass mosquito in my room and any time I tried to swat it with something it would just fly away, sometimes flying into my face. I opened the windows and doors but it wouldn't leave, even if I tried to chase it out. I had to get creative so I waited for it to be still and i set it on fire with a lighter. It fell immediately and didn't twitch, definitely a fast death. Am I the asshole for defending my domain or is the mosquito the asshole for being a mosquito."
1255,"AITA for feeling amazing due to the downfall of the roomates that screwed me over? https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/5qvlt9/aita_for_not_paying_the_last_utility_bill_to_my/ So. There's a link to my previous post here. And contained in that is a link to a post slightly prior. as a basic TL;DR a few months ago my roomates(james,Jenny,Stacy and Clyde) booted me out, without returning my damage deposit for ridiculous reasons. I ended up losing my job and having to move back in with my parents 5 hours away. Well. For the last few weeks I've been grinning ear to ear. I've kept in regular contact with clyde as he tried to stay neutral. after I left NOTHING changed. The messes I was being blamed for were still happening, The problems and fighting were still arising. and the friend of jenny's that they intended to replace me with ended up being a mondo bitch with ridiculous expectations (they had to move out all of their furniture so she could replace it with her own and etc) Both clyde and Stacy's boyfriend explicitly stated they wouldn't allow her to move in. in much less kind words. Stacy and her boyfriend quickly realized that the ones making the messes were james and jenny. along with some pretty abusive shit that jenny was demanding of james (not being allowed to spend time with or associate with his friends because she didn't like them) When Jenny was cornered with being messy and pinning it on me, She began flinging accusations at everybody else in the house for her and james' relationship issues and her unhappiness. Not only was I right that I was never the issue. But I Predicted everything that was happening and would continue happening. To. The. God. Damn. Letter. now. after a nice apology, Stacy has gotten into contact with me. She had never actually seen the list of ""damages"" sent to me by james, and agrees on the ridiculousness of it. and it appears that jenny and james have lied about moving out to get the others to leave, so they could move in more of jenny's friends hassle free. SO stacy is going after them for the return of everybody's damage deposit. Mine included. GOD DAMN, justice is a beautiful thing."
1256,"AITA? Pissed because my husband and son didn't recognize mother's day AITA for being pissed that my(40f) husband(45m) and teenage son (16) did not acknowledge mother's day? A little backstory- married 20+ years, our teenage son lives at home, and our 6yo daughter was killed in an accident a few years ago. So needless to say, mother's day is kind of hard for me. So, husband and I get up in the morning, no acknowledgement whatsoever of mother's day. No ""Happy Mother's Day"". Literally all I wanted to hear. I think maybe husband is just waiting for son to get up. Cool, whatever. Son gets up. Again, nothing from his mouth either. Then, the three of us talk about going to my MIL's house to take her HER MOTHER'S DAY present. So, at this point I know that they both know it is mother's day. On the way to MIL's, we stop by the store so I can go in and get a gift bag for her gift. So, at this point, my husband has access to a store. Just saying. Go to MIL's, and I actually said that I had not gotten a ""Happy Mother's Day"" from either one of them, IN FRONT OF MY SON. Hey said he had to get to work. Ok. Thanks dude. Husband was counting on sex last night. Him and I get in the car to leave MIL's, told him it wasn't going to happen because I was pissed. And told him why I was pissed, becuase neither one of them had said ""Happy Mother's Day"". Honestly, that was all I wanted. A card would be the cherry on top. Actually, until the last year or two, husband used to be pretty good about acknowledging MD and my birthday. But, last fall, on my 40th birthday, husband did nothing. (It's in my comment history.) Seriously hurt my feelings, and I made sure he knew it. So you would think he would at least try. But, as the final piece to this little puzzle, I honestly don't know whether I'm overreacting or not. (For the record, I haven't yelled or anything. Said my peace and haven't talked to husband since.) I ran out of my anti-deppresent last week because I forgot to get my refill in time, but I should receive it today. So my emotions are all over the place anyways, and I straight-up bawled for hours last night. (I couldn't even call my own mom to tell her HMD, texted her a little stretch of the truth and told her I would talk to her today. Final note: found a MD card in my purse this morning saying he (husband) had this card, but he was waiting to give it to me, but then ""I decided to hate him"" so he couldn't. I know what kind of cards he usually buys. This was not it. This was one of the last ones on the rack (because I was there hours before and they were pretty much all gone). He grabbed it when he ran"
1257,"AITA? Roommate and I competing over girl Recently my roommate and I threw a party at our place about 25 people most of which were my roommates office mates or are in the same degree. Before the party we talked about if any girls were going to be there because we're both single and he didn't think there would be any single girls there. Early on in the party I was chatting with some random friends of his who I also know. Without knowing he was apparently talking to this one girl. Later I saw this girl and was having a nice conversation with her when my roommate comes up and tells me to back off. I ask if the reason hes telling me is because she has a bf. He said no but he wanted to go after her. I was probably 10 drinks in at this point so I just went back to talking to her. I just enjoyed the conversation I wasn't trying to get laid. Pretty quickly we go and play a game of beer pong and then go and sit and talk on some chairs in the corner. She goes home later in the night and my roommate is pissed at me claiming some foul on my part like I had ""stole his girl"" or something. Its been a couple days since the party and I went on a coffee date with the girl and I enjoyed talking to her even more when we were both sober than when we were hammered. My roommate is still pissed at me though. AITA?"
1258,"AITA for asking about the relationship of a couple that's going with us to prom? Last I heard, the girl, who's going to prom with our group wasn't going out with the guy anymore. Then all of a sudden I'm added to a groupchat to discuss his prom proposal to her. I'd noticed he'd been added to our post-prom plans but thought nothing of it. My friend then texts me complaining that he doesn't like the guy and all the drama between him and the girl, only some of which I knew about. So I texted this other girl who would know more about this ""So what's the backstory with X and Y? Last I heard they weren't together anymore but I could be wrong."" She read my message but didn't reply. Am I the asshole for wanting to know about something that should be none of my business? Edit: I don't care about their relationship, I just don't want to be put in an awkward position during his proposal."
1259,"AITA: For criticizing teammates' play in a video game? I am a gamer and my latest gaming obsession is NHL 17. Several of my friends and acquaintances also play with me, daily. As a group we pit ourselves against other groups of players and, more often than not, we lose. I do not like losing and when the less experience players make a mistake, I use that for positively-framed teaching moments. The game is hard and it takes practice, so patience and dedication is required to be competitive. However, the other players do not take the game as seriously as I do. I play with an intense, singular focus. The rest of them, varying degrees of not so much. And when I see one of them make a mistake, again and again, after learning how to avoid the mistake, positively-framed teaching moments take a back seat to immediate and unfiltered criticism. Nothing abusive of course, no name calling, just a ""you're fucking up, fix it."" Two exchanges come to mind where I feel *may* be in the wrong: 1. My brother (relationship is relevant because familial relationships come with historical context), when he makes mistakes, is a ""the game is cheating!"" kind of person. After I make a mistake in a recent game, he mockingly parrots back a criticism I have levied against him. I go *ad hominem* and respond with something to the effect of, ""coming from a person who blames the computer for every mistake he makes, you don't have any right to criticize anyone."" To his credit, after that he has stopped blaming the computer and owns his mistakes. This actually makes me really happy, because this is a learned behavior from our less that ideal male role models growing up. Anyway, AITA? 2. Myself and another player are in a game while two others, not in the game, are having a conversation; they are attempting to engage the other player in this conversation. I boot them from the party and lock it down. I feel extraneous conversation is distracting. After the game I joined up with them and apologized, as I obviously should, and explained why. But not before they (rightfully) booted me to give me a taste of my own medicine. Turnabout is fair play and we all had a laugh over it afterwards. Fast forward to last night... Same situation. Me and another player are in a game. The same acquaintances are having a side conversation in the party. One suggests they move to another party. The other acquaintance says ""nah I just muted them"" apparently joking which I did not pick up. I say ""if you're going to mute us please go to another party so we don't have to take the time to mute you two."" This set acquaintance 1 off. He tells me I am an asshole for getting on people's case. That this is a game, not something serious like work, and that if he was with me right now he would kick my ass. I tell him I may have misaligned"
1260,"AITA if I always want to go to more events/ go out more than my partner? I've been going out with this girl for 2 years now, and it's gotten to the point where we've talked about marriage, moving out, raising kids, etc… Were in our mid twenties. I honestly do love her very much, and I can't imagine being with anyone else. There is one thing, though. I am way more active than she is. I always want to go to shows, go out drinking and go to different events, and she's always tired. I can get her to come out once or twice but if it's two weekends in succession she won't come out. I'm basically going out with a cat. An adorable cat that I can't help fawning over, but is kind of a pain to convince her to be active. I do understand that in relationships you recognise the good and bad in your other half so I don't resent her for not having as much energy as me, not one bit. It's just how she is, and I'm ok with that. However, it has an adverse effect on me. I used to be able to get her to come out a lot more, but after a chat I knew she felt I was dragging her all over the place, so I started to go out on my own. When she was in another country for study, she got mad at me for hanging out with a bunch of girls (it's complicated. I put a message up in a group chat and only girls responded and I was in a position where I couldn't call it off.) Just for some drinks and a chat. I can understand that, and learnt my lesson about that. After a while, things settled down and she seemed to be more comfortable with me going out on my own. I became a bit more vocal about it, and she doesnt seem stressed. But all this time I've had a little voice in the back of my mind nagging me that I'm leaving her out. I find myself feeling guilty for not bringing my girlfriend along to social occasions or events, because I'd know shed have fun. Today, the line up for this small festival go released and I told my girlfriend I read wanted to go. Last year we went it was only two days but this year it's three. I told her that I had a lot of fun last year and I want to go for the whole thing this year, and she said that last year after two days she was exhausted, and the food was really expensive. She's also not that into music as much as I am, I do freelance work in the industry and run a community. So I suggested that I get the tickets for the whole weekend and I'll get two day tickets for her, she discovered that there arent two day tickets, only one day and the whole weekend. So she said she'll get"
1261,"AITA for not wanting to go to a party My husband was on a business trip. He nust got home at 11:30 this morning. He has been gone all week. We have two small children. I have done everything all week with no help from anyone and so I am exhausted. My youngest kept me up a good part of the night. They have been difficult because they miss daddy. He is running on very little sleep and so am I. His friend, who is like a brother, is having a party. Normally, I woild be very happy to go, but I am so tired it hurts. I want to cuddle with my kids and husband and relax. It was a busy weekend last weekend, a even busier week. I just need a break. He and thr kids want to go. I feel like an asshole because I have no desire to ne out on tjr sun with two tired kids and a tiree husband. I don't have the bandwidth to do all the childcare and while my husband says he will help, he is exhausted and is likely to get pulled away to hang out with friends while I wrangle the kids. It always happens that way, even though he never intends it to be the case. This friend misses events all the time. I get it is his birthday party, but it is too much. I would love to have him and his girlfriend over for dinner to celebrate once we get back into a routine in thr next week. Does that make me a complete asshole?"
1262,"AITA For ghosting a person who used to be my friend but makes me feel like crap now? I have this ""friend"" who we'll call Shawn. Shawn used to be a decent friend and at a time when I was more socially awkward helped me to get a few of my current friends. He even pushed me to ask out my first boyfriend. Fast forward a few years to 12th grade and he's a bit of a micromanaging dick in my life, and inexplicably doesn't trust me to do anything by myself, but I still give him the benefit of the doubt despite everyone else starting to hate him. Fast forward again and we're both in different colleges and only see each other when we're on break. Now everytime I see Shawn all he does is talk down to me or try to micromanage the hell out of everything that I do (ex: he can't seem to let go any mistake I make. I trip on the sidewalk and I guess I need fucking crutches now cause he just doesn't let it go and makes me feel like an idiot). He also uses the time to pester me about why I never ask *him* to hang out and why *he* always calls me (spoilers: I don't call anyone ever). Now that we're both on break from college he wants to do something every second we can, and even with friends that don't talk down to me and I like being around I don't want to see very second, so I've taken to just ghosting him because I'm mortified of confrontation. I feel bad about this but I have a cocktail of mental issues without him, so why should I subject myself to hanging out when I know I'll just be upset afterwards anyway. Also to clarify: I have made it obvious, and even flat out told him multiple times, that I don't like having my life micromanaged and he should get off my back a little. Edit: I feel like i should clarify that I didn't start ghosting out of the blue. I've been friends with him for years now and tried to cut down on contact, but not before telling him that I don't want to be micromanaged or talked down to. But now I'm at my wits end and short of telling him he's just a terrible friend I don't know what else to do"
1263,"AITA for insisting partner seek financial advice My (24F) partner (28M) plans to spend nearly all his savings to buy his parents a house to live in. They're not in a good financial place. We're not married nor engaged but we're serious and have talked about our future together. Whenever we talk about the house he's going to buy and I raise concerns, he gets annoyed with me. I am nervous about his decision but I've accepted it's what he's going to do. Recently, I have been insisting that he go see a financial advisor about this. Someone objective who can tell him the best way to do this without sinking his own financial ship. He seems lukewarm on the idea at best and said ""he'll go when the time is right."" Him not going before he closes on a house makes me extremely uncomfortable, but maybe I need to stay in my lane since it's not my parents. AITA for continuing to insist that he go see a financial advisor?"
1264,"AITA for breaking it off with this girl? So I met this girl only a few months ago, when she started working at the same place as me. I didn't really think too much of her until we walked home together from work about two weeks ago, and then ended up hanging out at my house twice, her house twice and went for dinner once (all in the past two weeks). Well yesterday I was on a short local hike with my friends and we hadn't made it very far before she started texting me that her mom (we both still live with our parents) was freaking out at her and she needed to see me right away, she seemed really worried at the time. I decided to walk back the trail that we had taken so far and catch the bus to a park near her house, where I met her and she explained that her mom was angry about not rinsing off a plate before she put it in the dishwasher, and began complaining about her broken fingernail and how much it would cost to fix. In that moment in the park, I realized that I didn't actually really want a relationship (with anybody, not necessarily just her), and that I should probably end this before it got more serious between us. I ended up telling her this and that I didn't want to have a girlfriend at the current time in my life. She definitely didn't take it very well, and went silent for a minute before she started questioning me about why I didn't tell her earlier. I didn't really have a good reason (I do feel like the asshole for this) and just ended up leaving and going home. Other than a few texts back and forth we haven't talked, and it's pretty clear that she's still mad at me. Some extra details I don't know where to fit in: - She just got from a weekend away and I knew she bought me a T-shirt, which I never ended up recieving from her - I saw she just posted a brand new pair of mens shoes in my size on a local facebook buy/sell group, that I can only assume were meant to be a gift for me - She told me earlier that her last ex (from about a month ago) was crazy and angry at her for seemingly no reason, but told me yesterday that she had actually been trying to come see me at work when she was with him and talking about me towards the end of their relationship (this made me feel bad for this guy) So what do you think reddit? I need your help on this one. If I think of anything else that might be important I'll add it in the comments below. Also, any advice for what I should do next? We don't go to the same school, except we do work at the same part-time job and I'm worried it will be pretty awkward now to"
1265,"AITA for not wanting to prolong a friendship? Because some context is needed. I am male, mid-20s. Someone I consider one of my closer friends, as well as her boyfriend who I've always liked, moved several states over. I've never been prouder of someone for choosing to follow happiness instead of financial success. I have no romantic intentions towards her whatsoever. At her farewell party she asked me, with tears in her eyes, to keep in touch. I have been trying to do just that, and it's like pulling teeth from a brick wall at times and is just so incredibly demoralizing. Text messages mostly go unanswered, phone calls don't get returned more often than not, and the whole thing really feels one-sided. These aren't silly little ""hey"" texts either with no follow-up - I'm trying to have legitimate conversations here. We used to talk every day, but now... Am I an asshole for wanting to give up? Alternatively, am I just a fool that isn't seeing the truth?"
1266,"AITA my friends made fun off me for playing spin the bottle My friend group often have lighthearted banter. We make jokes about each other, but we try and make it so that things don't get personal. However, as of late I feel my friends are taking things too far with the jokes. For context, I am going to have to tell you what I did for them to make so many jokes. Well, when I was 16 I was playing spin the bottle with people of varying ages(ages 13-11). I ended up kissing Jim, who was aged 11. Little did I know that two of my friends spotted me playing spin the bottle. My friend's who saw me recently brought up this event. Now they won't stop bugging me about it even when I say that I don't find it funny. I find this frustrating because... 1. What I did really wasn't that bad and certainly does not make me a ""Pedo"". 2. I literally told them to stop like 9 times."
1267,"AITA for posting on Facebook my dislike for people who post only for the likes? Short story: Recently a cousin on my mother's side of the family passed away and unfortunately his death has become a family circus in Facebook. Some have been posting messages directed to this cousin (who is dead, goddammit and won't read those fu**ing messages) and getting likes and hearts and shit. I find this attitude shameful and posted a message on my own Facebook wall. This message says that people should be thinking in this moment of grief about the needs of the closer family and not posting stupidities like attention craving whores. My message included foul language and one cousin took it completely personal and has updated his Facebook status six times commenting on how I am a justice warrior and that truth is relative. My main point was to show some decorum after a the death of a person, avoid commenting about it on social networks and make an effort to get in touch with the family and show condolences. Please, stay with me, I know arguing about something over Facebook is lame and childish, but I sincerely want to know if I was an asshole for mentioning this."
1268,"AITA for telling my BF that he stinks? I love my bf. But he sometimes has a pretty unpleasant odor. He has stopped wearing any kind of cologne because he wants to only put natural products on and in his body. I understand this. Unfortunately, this also means that he doesn't wear deodorant. I don't know if he can smell himself but I can and sometimes his odor is pretty potent. He had a big launch event for a company that he works for two months ago and when I arrived to this big event where he was networking, he reeked. REEKED. He is very sensitive and gets very upset when I bring up issues. I can't tell if he is simply hard on himself or if he is being purposefully or inadvertently manipulative so that I stop bringing things up. For instance, me making a simple request turns into him having a meltdown about being the him being the most terrible person ever. So I attempted to approach the stinky issue very delicately. He was training for a bike trip and decided to start biking to work. I suggested that he maybe start wearing deodorant so as not to offend people with his odor when he arrives to work after the workout and throughout the day. He was VERY upset by my suggestion. I clarified that I am not suggesting this out of malice but mostly out of a pursuit for professionalism and out of concern for him. He eventually took my comment as it was intended. Since that time we purchased some natural deodorant. I've experimented with it myself and it works pretty well but I'd noticed that boyfriend hadn't used it. The other day after we'd both showered I offered him some and he put it on. I even remarked at how good it smelled on him and how much I liked it. Well, a few days later, I guess he skipped a shower for a day. His boss is a little...hipstery and takes pride in only showering once every two weeks. Somehow, that works for his boss as he doesn't seem to smell. On a day where my boyfriend was kind of stinky his boss made the comment that it was getting hotter and that maybe they'd both need to start taking more frequent showers. My boyfriend laughed about this but I was really mortified for him. Tonight after his shower I again offered him some deodorant. He had already been kind of crabby and we'd been bickering a bit. He made the sarcastic comment that he's sorry that he's not hygienic enough for me. And I got pretty frustrated. I told him that I shouldn't have to walk on eggshells to communicate with him. And that it shouldn't take HIS BOSS telling him that he stinks to do something about it when I tried to help him out with that a few months ago. He said that I was cruel for using something that he shared with me against him. Ugh. Can't win. Am I the asshole"
1269,"AITA for not meeting up with my girlfriend after she was unnecessarily argumentative and cruel I have pretty moderate to severe social anxiety to the point where I'm extremely uncomfortable in any social situation with people I'm not close with. Despite that I've tried my best to combat it and go out of my comfort zone from time to time. My girlfriend knows this. In fact, a lot of my ""going out of my comfort zone"" moments were for her. Namely, moving to her native country where I don't even understand the language, meeting her parents (where one of them doesn't approve of her dating a foreigner), and meeting her friends for an entire day. Today I was going to meet up with her after she was done meeting up with her friends. While I was on the tram there I asked if she was alone or waiting with her friends for me. She kept avoiding the question and generally acting annoyed at it. I got off the tram in a panic because I was especially anxious today. She eventually answered and then asked what I would do if she wasn't alone, all in a very condescending and annoyed tone. I admitted I would not be able to show up and I would like her to make an excuse to meet me alone in that scenario. She got angry with me, continually asking me why I can't ""function like a normal person"" and all that. I was hurt by that greatly. We went back and forth a bit, I told her I didn't want to see her. She kept hounding me and asking me why I can't act like a normal person. I went back to my place, and she apologized specifically for hurting me (her way of saying ""I want you to feel better but I don't feel I was wrong at all"") but then kept arguing on about how I should be able to function like a normal person. I basically told her ""I want a genuine apology or you can fuck off"" and that I don't want to be with someone who would say things like that to me fully knowing of my social anxiety."
1270,"AITA for talking about my girlfriend? I am back in my home state for the summer after finishing my first year of college. During the past year I started dating a girl who, in my opinion, is really just the best. She's super cool and kind and frankly hot. I didn't have any kind of romantic life during high school (I lost my virginity to this girl during the first semester) so this is a pretty big deal for me. So now I'm back home and I find myself talking about her a lot, and sometimes pretty much bragging. I know it's not cool to just brag about a relationship but I don't do it that often, and when I do I try to phrase as sort of a joke. I've shown them I think like, two pictures and mentioned that she's a contortionist a couple times. The second to last time my friends, friend #1 mentioned to me that friend #2's girlfriend is feeling kind of inadequate because of how I talk about my girlfriend. I tried to tone it down next time we hung out but I did end up bragging once (I do feel really shitty that I still talked about her after knowing that someone is feeling down on themselves) Now my friends keep making these jokes (""oh, did you hear that OP's girlfriend is a contortionist?"" ""oh wow no way"") and I can't tell if they're actually upset. We tend to rib on each other but these jokes are really making me feel like an asshole. I know I shouldn't be talking about her so much but this is still a pretty big deal for me, especially because she's been helping me feel more confident about myself and stuff. Am I the asshole? Are my friends really upset or am I being overly sensitive? EDIT: It's also worth noting that's we've only hung out three times since I've been back, although I did mention her in group chats two or maybe three times while I was still at school."
1271,"AITA for breaking up with my bf without giving him notice? Story time. I met my boyfriend in our last year of school and we both just graduated. We had been together for 7 months and planned on moving cross country together this week. For a few reasons, I was hesitant about moving with him. The main one was that he is fiscally irresponsible. In my last year, I had a full load of courses in two fields as well as 3 jobs (two laboratory jobs, one mentoring job). He had a total of 15 hours of work (unpaid internship for his master's) per week and 0 outside work. He did not take it upon himself to get another job or three like I did, and as such I ended up paying for his last semester of school because he couldn't get approved for a loan and wouldn't graduate without that. I would also have to buy him a car in our new home, and pay for all of the apartment expenses by myself until he could contribute. I feel like I'm a 21 year old mom of a 25 year old child who isn't working for himself. Aside from the financial fiasco, I feel like we had some general incompatibility issues. He has few hobbies and lacks ambition to try new things. I'm super motivated to do things and try things and whatnot, and whenever I've tried to get him to do things with me or work hard, he accuses me of nagging. It is discouraging to say the least, and I've found myself staying in to play video games with him more and more which makes me feel kind of cooped up and depressed. He also has very little experience with relationships, and I've had to take on a sort of ""teacher"" role with him on even the most basic aspects of being in a relationship. We have talked about this stuff a little bit. Like I said he accuses me of nagging for the first bit, then the last half isn't his fault as the only way to learn is through experience. I just don't like having to teach him how to romance me. So, today I broke up with him. I know he was blindsided as I didn't really give much notice that I was unhappy in the relationship. I was as honest and nice as possible, but firm in my decision. Am I the asshole for not wanting to keep trying/give him more notice on breaking up?"
1272,"AITA For Telling My Mom Her Opinion Is BS? So got in a mini-argument with my mom. Situation: I decided to leave my car with my backpack between the two front seats. She decided to tell me that I should never do that because it is very dangerous. I asked why? She said if someone sees my bag (not a wallet) in my car, the person will break into my car and steal it. My counterpoint is that if someone is willing to break into my old honda just to see if my bag has money in it, then so be it. I explained that I don't see how the risk would be worth it. Then she told me that my way of thinking is wrong and that it's because I have never been super poor so I can't understand. She further stated that it is entrapment, inducing people to commit a crime. I said that we can agree to disagree, but she can't tell me I am wrong as it is just an opinion. Usually, I'm not one to argue with my mother, but I just found it ridiculous today. I would like a third opinion. Thank you reddit."
1273,"AITA for calling out a friend who says their infant is in ""school""? I have friends who keep referring to their children's daycares as ""school"". These daycares go so far as to issue ""report cards"" (daily feedback) for INFANTS. While I understand it is done tongue-in-cheek, it grinds my gears, and I wanna go off on everyone. Biiiii****, stop this madness. All babies learn, whether sitting in a daycare or at home. Stop pushing our children further and further into the ""rigorous education"" machine. Emphasize play based learning. Stop making babies learn SIGHT WORDs. It might be ""cute"" saying your babies are in ""school"", but it feeds the problem we're facing right now, where we overwork our children, turning them into stressed out, regurgitative robots. We are pushing our kids into formal education earlier and earlier, and giving them more and more homework, to their detriment. Studies have shown children who start kindergarten at a later age have lower rates of attention disorders. Can I just tell them all to knock it the F off?!"
1274,"AITA for asking someone if they were almost done in the bathroom? I work in a company that recently got into trouble for waste/fraud in terms of hours. They now closely watch our time punch ins, door scans etc. The closest bathroom has one toilet. The second closest is about 6 mins away. I waited for 18 minutes (he was here before that but I was there for 18 minutes) before I asked if he was going to be awhile. That's okay if he is, I just need to know for my job and I got to shit. He replied ""OKAY WOW. I'm almost done"" and immediately began the process of leaving (I could hear him stand up etc). Once he left he stood and glared at me. AITA?"
1275,"AITA For my frustration at my smoker girlfriend who stops me smoking (rather long context) Ok so quite alot of context is needed for this. My girlfriends one of them typical young age smokers (been smoking since she was 14) so already there is that hypocrisy thing going on. (Im 19, shes 18). Now i do understand she cares for me alot. Like so much its almost annoying haha. But this is the thing. Now i struggle with mental health and have done since the age of 12, Ive had my suicidal times and on top of that i find it extremely hard to contain my anger. When my head gets bad, which is often i become a completely different person. I get extremely snappy and say things in anger and even (NEVER TO MY GIRLFRIEND I MUST STRESS, ID NEVER LAY A HAND ON HER) become prone to fighting. Yes, my girlfriend helps however not often enough. Which is purly because of my mental health. Now during a show at college of which i had lead part, i played a boy called William in a show called ""punk rock"" (look it up its a great play) which deals with mental health and during which i had like a mini mental breakdown and since then (been a year now) i havnt been able to get back on stage or even continue my college course. Back to my anger, i have much to be angry about. I had a reject alcoholic father, an alcoholic mother who failed in almost every way to be a parent. I got a way out into two family friends whom i thought to be loving. If i piss em off even just a little (which is never intentional and often im innocent but thats an entirely different story) i get death threats and all that. My own mental health which i struggle with in so many fucking ways. A college tutor who understands nothing. And literally so much more but if i was to type it, itd lose the point of the post and it just isnt relevant. Point is i have much to be angry about. So far then, i struggle with mental health. I have gone from a shitty parent to even shittier. I had a breakdown which continues to hold me back. And my girlfriend can only help so much. I realised cigarettes actually take all my anger out of me. This stops me completely fucking up my relationship. It also calms my head down considerably. Now, this is where it gets even more of a pisstake. She has no problem buying backy for her underage friends. Giving fags to people who dont smoke (twice) and even when in in absolute tears, and hurting so much shell only reluctantly allow me a single toke. Which of course does nothing. A few times ive smoked and she found out and it nearly ended my relationship. I could be suicidal and still not allowed one which i know would help. Doesnt end here. I have finally managed"
1276,"AITA for rejecting her this way? About a year ago I became fwb with a girl who lives five blocks away from me, we'll call her Willow. Willow isn't all there. She has terrible depression, social anxiety, and what we both thought was undiagnosed asburgers syndrome. After a few weeks Willow told me that she loved me one night in bed. I pretended to be asleep. That summer I started working at a Renaissance Faire. It wasn't really my speed. The Faire was held at a park two hours away from my parents suburban house, but as I'm a 20 somethin' struggling actor I decided the gig might give me some needed experience. One day on the long drive to a rehearsal I was stuck in traffic behind a terrible car accident. When I finally saw the crash it was my exact make and model car, same color and everything, but only half the car was recognizable as a 16 wheeler crashed into it. When I got to the ren Faire I immediately got on the phone to Willow. I told her I was quitting the ren fair because life was too short to die on my way to ren fair, and I told her that I loved her, probably out of fear or the adrenaline of thinking about death... As I went to my director to tell him I was going to quit he offered me a higher paying position to work with children, two things I love, children and money. So I forgot about quitting and I continued for several weeks to work at the ren Faire. When the rehearsals were over and the Faire started I met a stage manager named... we'll call her Carrie. I was really happy to talk to her and she was one of the few friends I had there. Because it was the ren Faire and we were all sleeping in tents we never looked our best, so I never saw Carrie as anything more than a friend. One night while we were drinking by the fire (what else is there to do at a ren Faire off hours?) she was showing me pictures on her insta, she swiped past a stunning mirror picture of her in a sexy black dress that framed her slender figure, without giving it any thought I just let out ""Dayumn!"" I was so embarrassed, but I realized she was absolutely gorgeous, and I could never unsee it. Then she showed me pictures of her military boy friend who was stationed over seas. Because I wasn't an asshole at that time... I still saw Carrie as just a friend. The last night of ren Faire, four of us went to a diner, we got soup and coffee and hot cocoa because it was really cold that night. Carrie excused herself to the bathroom. A few minutes later another friend at the table pointed out to me that I kept looking at the bathroom, and they all reckoned I had a crush on Carrie. I fought them on it, when"
1277,"AITA - Refusing to relent to my childs demands Going to try to make this short and sweet because I hate walls of texts. I live across the country from my daughter from my first marriage and have for the last about 6 years. She is about to turn 13. She has come to visit me once in those 6 years. Since that time she will not come back despite my asking, begging, bribing, etc. She has stated she only wants to see me and not my wife and our 2 kids together. I have refused these demands because I feel that I should not legitimize this behavior. I feel that she should not be acting jealously and should not be trying to pretend my wife and kids don't exist, especially when she has fully accepted her mother's new husband and his kids as her own siblings. AITA?"
1278,"AITA for asking my girlfriend to focus on me instead of eavesdropping I'm temporarily in an apartment far away from my gf (~1 hour, previous was 8 mins from her) and we haven't been seeing each other much lately. Today we went out to eat and then to a quiet pub to spend time with each other. During the pub visit she noticed a table near us was speaking French. Then as we kept talking she gradually kept zoning out of the conversation to listen to them. I got a little frustrated but I carried on and we started talking about another topic. She seemed more focused on it but similarly she kept zoning out. She kept adding in casual notes about how that table was ""totally speaking French"" right in the middle of the conversation. I would've made a conversation about it bit but there's really nothing to say about it. She's interested in learning other languages including french, but not really a conversation we haven't had a hundred times before. Eventually I told her ""hey could you please focus on us instead of the table near us it's annoying me"". I wasn't rude about it, my tone was calm, and I kissed her cheek right after I said it. Yet immediately after she got all withdrawn and annoyed at me - citing I was ""grumping"" on her. She went on barely speaking to me the rest of the night - giving short grunts as replies instead. She wouldn't really converse with me even when I kept bringing up topics I know she enjoys talking about. She told me that I ruined her night. I feel this is a gross overreaction to what was basically ""hey please talk to me instead of eavesdropping on the foreigners"". Edit: She does speak a little French, but it's not something she really knows or is even trying to learn. And she has done this before, zoning out and eavesdropping on people for 30+ minutes on end whilst in the middle of a convo with me"
1279,"AITA for wanting a different brand of tires than my dad wants? I moved out of my parent's house a few months ago. I didn't ask for any help financially, but my dad offered to buy me two tires for my car when I needed a new set. I thanked him for the offer and told him I'd let him know. Well, I'm at the point where I need new tires. I called a few places and got some rates, giving them to my dad. He sent me some websites that sold tires cheaper than a lot of other places, and he recommended a couple brands. His top recommendation was General. Now, I don't know much about tires or cars in general, but the reviews online were promising. After some research, I found some Goodyear tires that were cheaper than General. Originally I would've had no problem buying the more expensive tires, but my medical bills have been through the roof. I've been sick on and off this year (pink eye, flu, bronchitis, hand foot and mouth, and strep). I also had to make a late night trip to the hospital after a bad reaction to my birth control. So basically I have to cut costs somewhere, and tires are one of the view things I can budge. Hell, I'm already cancelling therapy sessions because I can no longer afford them. I told my dad I'm probably going to get the Goodyear tires once my next paycheck rolls around. He insists that that's a bad brand and I should get the General tires and cut costs somewhere else. I already buy basically ramen and pasta for groceries. Sure, I keep some money around for leisure because I'd go nuts if I couldn't do anything fun once in a while. I told him that while I appreciate his advice and him helping me buy the tires, this was not in the original agreement and I feel like he's not letting me make my own decision. I could understand if he was saying ""Hey, I'm buying you these tires. Can you pay for the other two?"" But no, he asked me to let him know when I was going to purchase new tires so he could help foot the bill. He never once said it had to be this brand or that. And if Goodyear is a shit tire that'll only last me a year, that's fine. A lot of my bills just recently went down in cost. Auto insurance just went down because I JUST hit three years of driving. Medical bills should go down because my immune system will (hopefully) be leveled out by then (it's my new job that's caused all the illnesses. It's a daycare). My phone AND car will be paid off by next year, so those bills will be gone. Simply put, I SHOULD have more money next year. Yeah, shit might happen. But shit's also happening now. I've half a mind to tell him I don't want his help anymore with the tires and that I'll buy"
1280,"AITA for not wanting to hang out with my ex Ok, so My ex and I broke up like a week ago. We broke up because she has serious trust issues, and swore up and down I was cheating on her (which i wasn't, I'm not a cheater.). I got tired of feeling like I constantly have to prove myself to her for nothing. (I also know that when a woman constantly accuses you of cheating, and you know you're not, then they're probably the ones cheating.) 2 days after that, she came over and we talked so she could have closure. I guess she construed it as I want to get back together, which is far from the case. So she wants to give me a second chance that I didn't ask for. So this morning, she calls me and asks if I want to hang out with her, I say no, I have things I need to take care of. Rent's due and such. And she goes on this tangent about how I'm an asshole and how she was so in love with me, and I betrayed her and all this hoopla. Mind you, we only dated for 2 months, when last year, I didn't even know who this girl was. And she's in love with me? No fucking way. Anyway, Am I the asshole here? TL;DR Ex gf wanted to hang out, I didn't. Now I'm a heartbreaking jerk of an asshole because of it."
1281,"AITA for dropping my friend Alright, so let me preface this with a little bit about my past. I was married to a drug addict and it was a pretty rough experience. Since then I've kept the amount of people that use in my life at 0. It's not very easy where I live and with the industry that I work in but I'm pretty strict about it. Anyways, I have a friend that I've known for around 6 months. We've gotten pretty close in that time and I like to think of her as one of the better friends that I have. We were at the bar the other night and and she was acting kinda off. After a while she gets up to go to the bathroom and I see her talking with a pretty well known dealer. Then she comes up to me, says that she'll be back in a little bit and leaves the bar with the dealer. It's pretty obvious what's going on so I tell her I'm heading out, close out my tab, and leave. I end up seeing her a little later in the night and she's rolling pretty hard. The next day she calls to see if I'm awake for work and I basically cut all ties. I was very upfront with how I feel about hard drugs and that I won't deal with anybody that uses. We've talked about it multiple times so she knew how serious I was. But I still kinda feel like an asshole for dropping her cold turkey like I did and apparently ever body we know thinks I am too. Am I the asshole? Tl;dr: I'm very against hard drugs but good friend does coke while we were hanging out so I drop her like a bag of rocks."
1282,"AITA for removing a goose from around our inn table, so I was removed from the inn? I was eating out with some people. A territorial asshole fowl constantly came closer to our outside table. After a few minutes, it was really close and snapped my leg hair and constantly spread its wings like ""come at me, human"". It made weird noises and didn't stop. The others found it hella funny, but it was extremely annoying. I couldn't really eat and it hurt, just try pinching your legs and pull the hair there. It was quite a task but I grabbed it and ran to the fence with it, then threw it over. It even hit my face and the damn bird made a ruckus. The waitress called me animal abuser, other guests **took the fucking bird's side** although many of them saw it being a fuck. I tried to defend myself, but she had none of it and told me to leave. I didn't have to pay, so that's okay, but hell, what am I supposed to do in such a situation? The people with me told me I overreacted and just should've let the bird be. Also, they kept me waiting until they finished their food, I'm not mad though. I'm mad that I was the monster when a damn goose attacked me. Am I seriously the asshole for getting rid of an abuse goose??"
1283,"AITA for resenting my friend/housemate for changing plans and imposing on me? I'm pretty stressed today. My housemate's parents are rehoming one of their dogs, Trixie. Over the course of the last day, the plans regarding this dog have changed SO MUCH. Now, I'm autistic (my housemates know this) and I'm aware that the slightest deviation from my expectations can fuck me off massively so during all of this I've just kept to myself in my room all day. I'll call my housemate with the dog Rachel, and my other housemate Holly. * First of all it was “Trixie might be staying with us one night some time soon”. Cool. Fine. A night is okay. * Then it was “Trixie is staying with us Sunday night”. Cool. Fine. A night is okay. * Then it was “Trixie isn’t coming to our house at all, we’re keeping her”. Cool. Fine. * Then it was “Trixie is staying with us till Tuesday whilst [new potential owner] decides if he wants her”. Er... two nights? I guess. Though I said my one stipulation was that Trixie wouldn't be left alone and that Rachel would be with her all times so Holly and I were free to go about our respective days. Rachel said that was fine. * Then it was “Trixie is staying here today and [new potential owner] is taking her tonight”. Er, hang on, you're at work, Rachel. Now Holly and I have to change our plans and have an unknown dog in the house for 5 hours. * So [new potential owner] took her today and then decided he doesn’t want her so she’s staying here 'till Tuesday. My one stipulation was that we wouldn’t be left to look after her, that she wouldn’t be left in the house alone... that didn’t happen, we had to change our plans to accommodate the one stipulation being broken. Then whilst Rachel was at work, she asked me to wash Trixie's bed because the dog had thrown up on in during in the car journey. She also asked me to put sudocrem in the dog's folds but then decided the new owner should do it. Trixie is also a smelly dog (I love dogs, but smelly dogs are not great) and has a gammy eye and bled on the sofa throws, so Holly and I put the sofa throws in the wash and I said ""can we make sure she doesn't sit on the sofas then if she's staying with us for a few nights?"" Rachel said ""yeah, she's not allowed on them anyway!"" I came downstairs to find blankets on the sofa, clearly both Rachel and Holly had had her sitting on the sofa with them. I also came downstairs to find that the blankets hadn't been taken out of the washing machine and were just sitting in there sodden still, because both Rachel and Holly were too busy fussing over the dog. I've just been sitting in my room for most of the day, trying to avoid snapping at my housemates because this"
1284,"AITA for being upset on my birthday for not having things I wanted? No, I don't mean ""I didn't get [X] waaaahhhh"", I mean this. A few years ago my parents were planning out my family-only birthday party. One of the people attending is my cousin who's son is allergic to 95% of anything you can imagine. I wanted a chocolate cake. ""Your cousin can't have chocolate, pick white"", my dad said. ""It's my birthday and I can't have a chocolate cake? We could just get him a smaller cake or cupcake or something or at least that for me"", I said back. ""No, that's too much food, we'll just get white"", he said. What was the point of asking then if I didn't have an option to begin with? Then for food I wanted BBQ. Guess what? ""Your cousin can't have most of that, we need to have things he can eat"", my dad said. At this point, I'm irritated. ""Then why are you asking me what *I* want, if it's just about what *[cousins name]* needs"", I asked back. ""Because it's *YOUR* birthday, you pick what you want"", he said. Not caring anymore, I suggested the most blandest food you could have at a party. The day of my birthday arrives and the food spread is pretty much a thanksgiving meal and my cake, my personal favorite, at my request, was a bland white cake with no icing and a picture that goes on top that would have been the heading of the cake. My cousins show and the mother of Mr. Allergic To Everything brought him his own fucking pizza. Like, a straight up large pizza hut pizza and mcdonalds because apparently that's the only things he can eat. He ate only that and wanted nothing else, not even cake. My dad then later tells me that I probably could have gotten the food I wanted. *scene of me eating a bland cake slice with a plastic knife like a fucking neanderthal* People who I told this to online think I'm an asshole for wanting things I wanted on a day about me when my cousin needed to be put first before me."
1285,"AITA for thinking it's weird and being upset about the fact that my mother and sister still hang out with people I purposely cut out of my life? Okay so after high school, I cut a lot of toxic people out of my life and that includes my so called best friend. We were friends from the beginning of high school up to about 2 years out of high school. I noticed that she did things that friends shouldn't do. Things like if I liked someone and she knew, she would end up sleeping with them and she only wanted to hang out if I promised we'd be drinking. It's been 4 years now since I've last seen her but this whole time, my mother and little sister have continued to not only talk to her but actually hang out with her. And I really didn't give a shit, I honestly thought it was kind of sad that my mom would still hang out and party with someone her own daughter cut out. I started getting upset when I found out that this person was going to my family events that I couldn't make and she was invited by my mother or sister because they knew I wouldn't be there. Now, my sister is having her open house this weekend and I found out that this person will be there. So I called my sister and asked her if she was really going to be there and my sister decided to throw a fit, crying about how it's her party and she can have whoever she wants there and that I'm being a child if I'm really not going to come because someone I don't like is going to be there. So I just said yeah, I'm totally the problem and decided that I'm staying home that day. So am I really the asshole here?"
1286,"AITA or is my boss? Let me preface this by saying I work 25 hours a week as a janitor while I go to college. Prior to these messages it was 5 minutes past when I was supposed to leave but I stayed to finish moving some furniture back into a room. Two people I work with called off and he didn't care, and another girl didn't feel well so he let her leave. I'm consistently there every single day. I also have pictures of this man sleeping at work so naturally him telling me to stay later aggravates me. He came into the room I was in and said ""I need you to dust mop"" to which I said ""come on man it's already 5 minutes past my time and I'm just finishing up this room"". He then walked away and this happened. https://imgur.com/gallery/fQD1C"
1287,"AITA or is my aunty? On the 2nd of may my mum died (I'm not here sympathy, just relevant background info) and my two aunts, my uncle, one of my sisters and I have decided to club together to hire a van to empty her house. As the only one of my siblings with a driving licence, it was down to me to arrange the van and collecting the money. Which I did and all was (mostly) ok. 1 sister decided not to chip in as she didn't see why we needed a van as she'd already picked up the bits she wanted, only thinking about herself and not about needing one to empty the house. So the 5 of us are paying for it. My ex/daughters mum/friend heard that a dresser was going to be taken to the dump and asked if she could have it, I checked it was ok and said yes. I live closer to her than to my family so I'm actually picking the van up from the town she lives in. So it's not out of my way to go to hers and drop it off. My aunty has started texting me about remembering to get her to chip in for the van as she's having the dresser, I have no intention of asking this and think she's being out of order. Why should my friend pay when I'll be delivering it to her on my own when I bring the stuff I chose back, in a town where the van has to be returned to, when my own sister won't even chip in to help empty her mum's house. I haven't actually responded to my aunty yet. Sorry about the wall of text. TLDR; mum died, hired van to empty house and deliver what people want to them, sister didn't chip in for van, friend wants something that's been OK'd, I'm delivering it alone, lives near van drop off point, aunty pushing for friend to chip in for van but won't force my sister to. Gonna tell aunty I'm not asking my friend for money as I'm doing it by myself and it's near the van hire place."
1288,"AITA for asking my partner to come hang out with me? My partner has been gone for about a week, and came back home last night for a recording session with his band that occurred today. He'd told me that the session would be over around 6:30 or 7, and that we'd be able to spend the evening hanging out, which I was very much looking forward to, as he's going away for another week tomorrow. This morning I asked him when I could expect he'd be finished, and he told me that it'd actually be sometime around 7:15, but he'd keep me posted. 7:15 rolls around, and he tells me that he and his bandmates haven't eaten all day, so they're going to go grab a quick bite, and that he'll probably be back around 8:45. Not ideal, but fine. At 8:30, he texts me and tells me that he's still eating, and I'm a bit bothered. I give him a call, and he tells me that they've actually gone to a sit down place rather than grab a slice of pizza, and that he'll probably be back at his place around 9:30. While he could have left at 7:15 when the session ended and grabbed some food with me, he said he'd prefer to save 15 bucks on an uber by getting a ride with his bandmates, who wanted to grab food. Given that I work 9-5, this would leave very little time for us to spend with each other before he leaves for another week, I tell him that I'm pretty sad about A) having our hangs continuously pushed back to the point where we're basically just going to sleep together and B) this is the last I'm going to see of him for a while. At this point, he asks me what I want to do, and I say that I just want to spend some time together this evening before he leaves. He tells me that he'll tell his friends that he needs to leave soon so that they'll hurry up and finish their food, but obviously I don't want him to rush their meal on my behalf, so I ask him not to do that. He asks if it would be best for him to grab an uber to his place, where I can meet him, and I say yeah, that'd probably be ideal. Problem is, I feel like an asshole for hassling him, but I also feel pretty strung along. I don't want to take away from his time with his band/friends, but I also want to feel prioritized and cared for. What are your thoughts on this situation, reddit?"
1289,"AITA for not knowing he was mad? This happened yesterday evening, and the whole thing had me kinda pissed off, and the other people in the group chat wondering why this guy did this. I have a group chat with a bunch of friends. Some people from college, some I went to school with, random friends outside of those and some people others added. Basically everyone sends memes and stuff. As you guys probably already know, the election happened last night. The initial plan that was made a couple days ago was to have a group call for as long as we could during election night. So of course, i add a few more people yesterday as a discussion on this would be interesting with mutiple points of view, and started a group call (I didn't add everyone, just the people who i knew were online and active) Someone left, i didn't know if it was by accident as facebook glitches out a lot sometimes. Sometimes people try to just mute the group chat and end up leaving by accident. This has happened before (people have even not realised they left instead of muting the group and are confused when they try to go back on), so I tried talking to this guy, but it wouldn't let me. Turns out he blocked me. As I still have him on other social media, I went on snapchat to ask why he blocked me on facebook. Blocking someone you're friends with/have known for a while, just for adding you to a group chat seems a little bit extreme. Especially since he hadn't expressed his distaste for anything I did or sent him (i only sent memes, there were no unnecessary nudes or anything, don't worry). I hadn't heard from him, he hadn't said anything to me about the group chat. Apparently he was annoyed with me adding him to the group chat and sending him this emoji a few times in one text bubble (despite not telling me he was pissed off). I told him I'm not a mind reader, he didn't say to anyone of the 20 odd people in that chat that he was annoyed with being there. This person pulls the ""I shouldn't have to tell you when I'm annoyed"" card. I tell him he should and that I wasn't to know how annoyed he was with any of what I said/did if he didn't say anything. I'm sorta confused as to how I would have known he didn't want to be part of the large conversation if he didn't let me or others know. I was even in a video call with four other people from that group that were active, I asked them and none of them heard from him either. So, reddit; Was I the asshole for this?"
1290,"AiTAH for wanting a movie night? Title might be a tad disengenuous. You be the judge! I tend towards extroverted, my husband tends towards introverted. On this particular Friday evening, my husband agreed to watch a particular movie with me. This is weird, because I am notorious for not having seen a lot of movies. However, I fancy the ones I have seen and remember are pretty good. I suggested said movie because he said he wanted to watch a movie that I would like. Also, he tends to feel like he has to spend a chunk of money on us going out, which I feel guilty about, and he's a bit of a natural homebody. I don't want to be stressful -- though a movie might not be my first choice for every Friday, it's a great compromise since I understand he has to recharge some weekends. I also have wanted to share this movie with him for literally many years, because it's one of my all-time favorites. So, I figure, low-stress, low-cost Friday night full of snuggles. Hey, if he's asking my opinion on what movie to watch, let's watch this one he's heard me rave about. We also had friends online, on voice chat, playing some games. Fair enough, it's good to interact with people we both like! We do that most weeknights but there's no quota for friendship! Both of us played a few games. After 5-ish, I stopped playing and started reminding him, 'hey, we're going to watch that movie I wanted to show you. Ok, another match, but, remember that we planned to watch a movie...' Well, husband plays a match or two past our other friends, who stop playing and start leaving voice chat. We joke and laugh on voice chat about it, I hope gently. Our movie date was asked about, since I had said, ""hey, it's great to hear everyone but after this we're probably going to watch a movie."" Eventually husband starts yawning and says he's going to log off/go to sleep. The two of us log off and I remind him that he promised to watch this movie, and that he usually games till he's sleepy and then passes out, regardless of plans made. That he's promised to watch movies with me in the past and hasn't followed through. Hey gets mad because he's​ tired right now, and what is he supposed to do about it other than sleep. It seems unfair to him that I'm bringing it up at all. He starts the movie because he feels he now has to watch it, over my protests that now he will fall asleep and miss most of it/resent me for it, and I'd really appreciate it if he'd just save the energy to watch it sometime... And falls asleep midday through. I'm pretty mad at this point and say that it's no surprise he fell asleep and that's why I wanted to take a rain check but that I'm pretty disappointed in how the evening had gone, considering. He threw his"
1291,"AITA for not being excited about my dads gift So I'm graduating and I was getting gifts from all my various family members. My dad gave me this piece of wood that he had cut from a beaver chewed log. He had written congratulations on graduating on it and some other stuff with pen. He said it was very meaningful to him because he was on a spiritual journey when he made it. I tried to keep a happy face but I was a bit crushed. I still haven't gotten my Christmas present he promised me and his birthday present was just an egg carton, some soil, and some seeds. I don't wanna sound ungrateful. When he saw my face, he was crushed. So I pretended the reason I wasn't happy looking was because my eyes were burning. Am I the asshole for not being grateful?"
1292,"AITA for not coming home from college this summer? I'm 20 and will be a junior in college this fall. Throughout high school I was very very close with my parents -- they were like best friends to me. However, now that I've been living on my own in college, I almost feel uncomfortable being at home for long periods of time. This year, I enrolled in summer classes and have decided to stay at my university (I have an apartment). My parents, while they support my decision, keep making side comments about how I never come home anymore and how they're ""paying for my education but never get to see me."" My mom is also suffering from depression and my dad works a lot so she's alone most of the time, so she always talks to me about how she misses having someone around the house. All of this is starting to make me feel guilty about not wanting to come home. I still go home for big holidays like Christmas. I've also been trying to come home on weekends (by their request) but I don't stay the night since I only live about an hour away. I also have 2 weeks at the end of the summer where I'll be home and will be going on a family vacation with them. Am I the asshole for this? Edit: whenever I'm not home, I still text them on a daily basis and call at least twice a week."
1293,"AITA for getting angry around my gf for no reason? Firstly and most important, I never yell at her, verbally abuse or anything like that. Thing is, I get annoyed and angry sometimes. Out of the blue. Like once or twice every week. I just need 20 minutes alone and I'm good. I have some mental issues, as does she. In fact, we first met on an online chat for helping with depression, anxiety, panic and other stuff like that. I actually managed to cut way down my drinking in the period we've been together, meaning I no longer drink by myself. So we were talking on the phone, and she had this hysterical laughing fit while texting one of her friends. She wouldn't shut the fuck up, she was laughing maniacally for like 5 minutes! I was pretty anxious already, and it started to make my chest physically hurt. I rudely interrupted her laughter, and asked her if I could call her back in an hour or so, this time with a dead serious and angry tone. Too bad, she didn't answer my calls anymore. Won't text me back. We are logged on a private chat 24/7 for just the two of us, in case we can't communicate via phone, and she logged off. It's been 2 days and no contact. My anxiety is sky high right now. Today, June 12th, is ""Valentine's Day"" where I live, for fucks sake. I feel like a piece of shit. Edit: update: she called me. We're okay now. :) I'm going to see a shrink with my brother and mom this week. We're all messed up. Hope it helps me. Don't want to lose her. I was seriously thinking about relapsing and downing a bottle of vodka yesterday."
1294,"AITA for refusing to tell my father's partner about what happened at therapist? To start, this isn't me. This is between my sister (16 yo) and my father's girlfriend (Late 40s, unsure of exact age). I'm the brother (18yo) who is just trying to study for exams and shit's happening in the background. My sister has always been prone to moon swings and stuff, and even moreso since our mother died a bit over 2 years ago. My dad has recently met his first woman since, he met her back around November time and she and her daughter (12 yo) moved in about 2 months ago. My sister doesn't like her, although the exact reason I can't pinpoint. Regardless, its not like she goes around picking fights, so its tolerable. The issue normally comes when the girlfriend tries to tell my sister what to do in a 'strict motherly' way, which my sister doesn't like so she talks back, then shit kicks off. One observation I have is that my Dad's girlfriend has the maturity of a teenager it seems. Whenever anything goes down she leaves the house in a strop and drives around for a few hours before coming back, there are some cases in particular I'll refer to later. Okay, so as a result of mood swings 'n' shit, the family as a whole have convinced my sister to go to therapy. My sister didn't want my Dad's partner (Who I'll call Anne) or her daughter to know (Especially not the daughter as they go to the same school. The daughter seems fine but she just didn't want her to know). Anne was getting pretty aggravated about being kept in the dark on everything, which is basically where the main issue lies. So my Dad told her, she in turn told her daughter despite being told specifically not to, then shit broke loose (Although my sister never found out). An example of Anne's immaturity is when my sister did something to upset her, nothing major by any means just some snide comment or something, and she spent the entire weekend giving her the silent treatment and generally acting like a bitch to everyone until my sister apologised. Like come on, you're acting immature for a teenager, let alone a fully grown woman, grow up. So anyway, my sister went to councelling for the first time earlier today. Nothing particularly interesting happened, but she doesn't want Anne knowing, which I think is fair. So my Dad comes home from work, A asks him how it went and my Dad tells her that my sister doesn't want her knowing. So Anne is now currently having another strop that she and her daughter feel out of place in this house and feel excluded. She's currently out on her drive now, so we've come to this position and I'm posting. I feel like my sister is refusing to tell her out of spite, but I don't think it should matter why she doesn't want A to know, its her information to give. I'm looking"
1295,"AITA for not walking near a dog on the canal? AITA for not going near an unleashed dog while walking on the canal. When I was walking I saw up ahead I woman and her small/medium sized dog; I don't know the breed. When the dog noticed me it walked towards me and I walked backwards without taking my eyes of the dog. The dog and I both stopped when it was about 15 feet away from me and about 10 feet away from its owner. I decided to take the mace I carry on my keys off my belt loop just in case it decides to charge. It was then that the owner decided to call the dog back. It took 5 calls before the dog recalled but he still kept his eyes on me. When I noticed that she still didn't put her dog on a leash I decided to be better safe than sorry and wait for them to walk further ahead before advancing. After noticing that I wouldn't walk towards them the woman decided to yell at me, ""It's just a small dog, you don't have to be scared."" Then she started walking towards me. ""Just pet him, it's fine."" Instead of petting the dog I decided to walk passed them on the edge of the trail. As I was walking passed she mumbled asshole under her breath. Was I being too cautious about the dog?"
1296,"Aita Just wondering if I'm the asshole for not believing my boyfriend has legitimate medical issues. I've taken him to all his appointment and have heard his story change every single time. Also he will Google his own medical symptoms and has a different disease with his symptoms each week and of course he know more than any doctor, with his Google's Dr degree. Not to mention his mother has started coming along, and everything is worse case scenario. I feel like an asshole but also kinda don't care."
1297,"AITA for wanting peace and quiet? Update: She got home from work and wants me to apologise TLDR: My job requires me to sleep early, partner prevented me from sleep. She's mad at me for pointing it out. So first some context. I work early mornings and have to be awake for work between 02:50am and 05:50am, so getting a good night's sleep is important to me. My partner likes to watch TV before bed and won't do it in the living room as she likes to fall asleep to it too, we've only been living together 3 months and I could tell I was going to have to get ear plugs straight away. However, often I feel like the TV could be a little quieter as I can still hear it relatively cleary. Whenever I ask her to turn it down she responds with “I can't hear it” but what I think is happening is she just wants to keep it at a comfortable level. When the roles have been reversed I've turned the TV down to a level where I can just about here it so she can sleep, bearing in mind she never has to be up super early. So last night I wanted to start trying to sleep at 9pm, I put my ear plugs in and turned over. The TV though was very loud, at least for that time and when someone is trying to sleep. It was at the level I have it on in the day sometimes. I ask her to turn it down and she says “Can we not do this again” and I respond with silence to try and keep the peace. I try for an hour to try and get to sleep but I just can't, so I start playing with my phone hoping she'll get the hint. She asks me why I'm not sleeping and I gesture towards the TV. It's at this point she gets really defensive. Now I'm a little grouchy, but she seems offended that I'd even ask. The subtitles are on, so why not turn it down if you can read it? I didn't ask this as I thought she wasn't going to listen. I get up and say I'm going to go sleep on the couch, to which she becomes more agitated and eventually says she'll go sleep on the couch instead. While leaving the room she says it's not all about me and “what if I can't sleep!?” and slams the bedroom door. She eventually comes back in and goes to sleep, I'm still up as the altercation made me very awake. In the morning I'm leaving for work and I hear her ask me “no kiss?” (I usually kiss her before leaving) and I respond with a no, and walk out the door. So I get home from work and it's still morning, she's at her work. After an hour I go to turn the TV on to find the remote had gone missing, I thought maybe it had fallen beneath the sofa. To"
1298,"AITA for not paying for a special, but non-dietary need, meal at a party I hosted? I planned a birthday party for my fiancé at our house. We live with ""Roommate"", our friend, who has a fiancée who is a very picky eater. Let's call her ""Picky."" Picky is a juvenile/sheltered eater: plain chicken and rice and pasta are her main meals, takes lettuce and tomato off her burger, minimal seasonings and veggies, didn't know what a kiwi was in person and never tried hot chocolate until she was well into her 20s. Weird mix. I can never guess what she will or will not eat because it varies wildly. She has no medical dietary restrictions. Despite this she never makes a fuss of her food out loud, if she does its a meek whisper to Roommate. She's a nice girl who fits with our friend group well. Back to the birthday party. Most guests are mutual friends with Roommate and Picky too. The time comes to order pizza from my fiancé's favorite pizza place where we crowd around the computer looking at their menu and deciding what toppings to get. Normal pizza topping decisions are discussed and made by all. (If it matters, I think we decided on a veggie, a pepperoni and sausage, and a cheese.) Right before we call to order, Roommate has us add a specific chicken finger meal for Picky. I do not recall the exact exchange of words. This is for her only, not to share by the other guests. She could have expressed her pizza preferences along with everyone else, but didn't. I don't think she had any pizza other than sampling a bite at Roommate's coaxing. I paid for the entire order myself as it was the main food for the party. However, I and my fiancé both felt I should be paid back for Picky's specific meal. Later in the night Roommate and I are alone in the kitchen where I matter of factly ask him if he/Picky has cash for her meal or if he'd Venmo to pay me back. (I worded it this way on purpose to avoid any sort of ""Where going to pay me back?"" awkwardness) He paid me back and that was the end of it. I had no resentful vibes from him or Picky at all for this, but then again they're both very non confrontational and could have grumbled about it in private. Did they complain or didn't they? Are they secretly annoyed by it? I'll never know. But it's been in the back of my mind since. So, am I the asshole for not paying for her meal?"
1299,"AITA for Being Upset that I'm not being Kept in The Loop About when my Boyfriend's Flight is Coming in? Hi Reddit My BF is getting back from a work trip tonight, and he's been away for a while so I figured it would be nice to pick him up from the airport. He missed his original flight which was going to get in at 7:15PM, and had to catch another one getting in 12:30am (ugh). When it came time for him to depart, he told me that the plane was about half an hour late in taking off, so he'd be getting in at one (uuuuugh). I say no biggie. Not ideal, but ok. I go to check the flight schedule to see what's up, and lo and behold, his flight is actually delayed by more than a full hour, so it looks like he's scheduled to get in at 1:45. He's in the air, and it'll be a couple hours before I head to the airport, but I feel like A) he should know that he's going to be delayed quite a bit longer than originally expected and B) should probably try to contact me about this? He's on a flight that definitely has wifi, so he's more than capable. I sent him a few chagrined messages when I found out asking why he wouldn't try to let me know what the actual delay was, and I feel like I might have been too harsh. At the same time, I'm majorly going out of my way for him and feel like he should at least be making some attempt to keep me in the loop about this. It seems like he doesn't seem bothered that I might be sitting in my car at arrivals pick up wondering where he is. Am I the asshole?"
1300,"AITA Okay, I just found this sub and think it will help me with something I experienced today. I have a new job, three weeks in, at a grocery store chain I used to work at. The last store was super relaxed, so I kind of assumed this would be similar. Today I was scheduled to work till 6 and it hits a quarter till, so I don't have time to load up another cart and stock because by the time I get it to the floor I'll have to clock out and it's rude just to leave a full cart in the back room. So I track down my co-worker, who isn't technically an assistant manager, but the managers trust him and he kind of has seniority when no one is around. I tell him I'm taking off, and he says, ""You're scheduled till 6."" I check my phone and the wall clock thinking it must be nearly five, not six, but nope both clocks say it's 5:48. I mumble something like oh okay. I'll find something to do. I go and get ready to clean the produce cooler, but I forgot the broom and it's back over by my coworker. When I walk past him I ask if our manager is strict about things like this because at m- (he cuts me off before I can finish explaining that they were pretty chill at the last store.) He says, ""Why would he schedule you to six if he didn't want you to stay till six. I'm not mad at you, but that's what the schedule is for."" ""Okay, I was just curious because I'm new and if they don't like me leaving a little early I need to know."" He says ""Yep."" and doesn't look up from the corn he is cutting. I go clean the cooler and then help him stack some things off and around 6:11 he says I can leave if I want. The thing is he was scheduled to leave at 6 also. If the managers care so much about the schedule won't they car about him staying late? I also think he might have just been short with me because of another incident. So a week prior to this I ran out of some prescription meds and was having bad migraines as a result, but he and another worker called of sick because one had the flu and the other (the cowork in question) had poison ivy. So my manager comes in to help out even though he was on vacation, but ultimately he asks me to stay late. Even though I have the migraine I stick with it because, you know, shit happens. No big deal. The next day I'm working with the coworker who was out with poison ivy. I just have a six hour shift from one to seven. A couple hours in my migraine comes back and I think well he was off yesterday, and I had to cover for him and stay late. He'll understand. I admit that is ass"
1301,"AITA for being upset with my brother for taking my toiletries before a trip? So my brother calls me from his road trip and says, ""You're going to be mad at me, but I accidentally packed your toiletries."" He didn't apologize, didn't offer to mail them back, and this is all while forgetting several of his own items and having our mom mail them off to him. I needed the toiletries for my own trip, and I use a particular brand of pomade that isn't sold in our small town. So I texted him and asked if he planned to return them. The full conversation can be found [by clicking here. ] I felt he was pretty rude, but I can see how he thought I was blaming his fiancée, who is wonderful and I legitimately don't blame her. He still has yet to apologize for taking the items in the first place, much less his subsequent behavior."
1302,"AITA for looking at my watch while comforting my girlfriend Today my girlfriend was upset she wasted $8 on a skirt she couldn't wear for various reasons. We were originally going to go out to eat and take a walk, but since she was torn by this she had me come to her place. I told her I was gonna buy the food first and that I'd be 20+ mins. She responded passively aggressively and acxused me of only going to her part of the city to eat. We argued a bit, I didn't buy food because the argument went on too long, and went to her place. She started crying about wasting the $8 when I got there and I did my best to comfort her. After about 40 minutes I glanced at my watch during a hug to see the time and then adjusted the position on my wrist slightly. My girlfriend jumped back a bit and asked me if I was looking at the time. I said yeah and she bursted out crying. I checked the time because I was anxious about missing the tram I needed to get home without a 1+ hour walk after midnight. I explained this to her and she kept crying really hard and accusing me of not caring for her and etc. I tried to comfort her again but it just got worse. Eventually I remarked that I didn't want to walk home alone so late at night and referenced a previous argument we've had because I left her a minute before we arrived at her apartment building (because she was acting awful at the tinr). She went into absolute hysterics. I'm not kidding when I say this is the absolute loudest I've ever heard anything cry or even scream out in pain. I was sure she was going to wake up the entire apartment building including her mother (who takes sleep medication and wears ear plugs). I'm almost convinced she was trying to be as loud as humanly possible. I know this is a weird thing to focus on but this was genuinely disturbing. She literally sounded like she was dying. And I know ""I'm almost convinced my girlfriend was trying to cry as loud as possible"" and saying it nonchalantly really makes me sound like a piece of shit but I have no other explanation for it. I'm not exaggerating at all. She has taken the death of family members better. I almost suspect she was being as loud as possible just to wake up her mother and put me in a very uncomfortable situation. All in all I feel this was a gross, gross overreaction and if intentional despicable. I don't think she WOULD do it just to get back at me but I don't know how she could've been so loud without intentionally trying to wake people up. Lile she was sitting there mouth wide open absolutely no attempts to cover her noises and generally not wake up the building (she can hear a cough from the neighbors). Anyway"
1303,"AITA For not Reminding my Wife of my Birthday and Father's Day? So... This happened on my last birthday. Some background. My wife and I are in our early 30's and married close to 10 years. We have an almost 1 y/o daughter that was going through a stretch of really struggling to sleep that was effectively sleep depriving both of us. My birthday is sandwiched in between Xmas and New Years so it's normally kinda an afterthought throughout most of my life. I'm used to it though, and really never cared that much about birthdays anyways-(usually small scale, quiet simple nights out). My wife's parents were also in from out of town for the holidays. Well about a week before they got here I looked at our calendar and noticed her family was flying back home the night of my birthday. I know one or both of us normally takes them to the airport for their flight home (it's like a 40 minute drive). No big deal. Figured we would probably just pick a different day/night to celebrate anyways (we often do this when birthdays fall in the middle of the week and celebrate the weekend before or after). Mind you we obv still tell each other happy birthday when the day comes. Well, morning of, she doesn't say anything about it. I make a point of asking her multiple times before leaving for work that day what our schedule is for the evening and the upcoming weekend. Never a mention. I leave kinda sad/shocked. Day rolls by at work and we always periodically text each other while we're working. She reiterates to me she's just gonna take her parents to dinner/airport after she's done with work, asks me to pick up our daughter from daycare and that she will be home late because their flight is pretty late. At this point I'm torn between feeling pretty crushed my own wife forgot my birthday or she's running some con on me and planning a surprise party. Rest of my day at work rolls by slow as molasses, pick up the little girl from daycare, and head home to what I'm holding out hope is some sort of surprise party at our house. Walk in to an empty house. Have fun playing with the little one, get her ready for bed. Lay around a bit and get a text around 10 that she's on her way home. Fall asleep before she gets home. Next morning goes by as if nothing has happened. She's sad/crying from her parents being gone, baby not sleeping great etc. Both of us leave for work with no mention of my birthday that just passed. Around noon she calls me crying/ apologizing. Says it just slipped her mind and why didn't I say something about it and tell her? Really I think she finally figured out she missed my birthday because she probably saw people commenting on my Facebook page saying happy birthday. Without that, I feel there is no way she ever would've even known. I just"
1304,"AITA for taking up freezer space? I live in an apartment with two roommates. We each buy our own groceries and share one fridge. Today I got my groceries and had several frozen items (hot pockets, waffles, stuff like that) but I take everything out of the boxes if the box is very large so it takes up less space. My one roommate, who I will call Jen, oks a lot and freezes food (I'm talking large amounts) and her stuff takes up literally 98% of the freezer (my other roommate isn't a problem in this as she never buys frozen food). I put my items in the freezer and a little why later Jen asks me, ""Are those your things in the freezer?"", and I said yes. She asked me why I bought so much food and I said it was because I had no food left and it's honestly much easier to buy stuff I can cook quickly and eat before going to work. I asked what the problem was and she said that there was ""no room"" and she needed to put her own food in. When I put my food in the freezer there was almost NO room because of all of her stuff and I had to really shove my stuff in and try to find space. She said that she ""needed to put in her food"" for I guess future items she buys? She just bought groceries two days ago so I'm not sure what she needs to put in there at this moment, but she was clearly bothered by my stuff being in there and told me that I ""need to take it all out and fix it"" and I told her I didn't have time because I was on my way out and I left. Am I the asshole here for putting my stuff in the freezer and not wanting to take it out so she can have more room when she already has the vast majority of the space?"
1305,"AITA for how I have gone about ending this friendship? During the first year of my three year high school program (not in the US) I became friends with a guy in my class. Shortly after the beginning of the second year of high school, he switched schools. Most of our mutual friends stopped being friends with him in a short while, and about 6 months after he switched schools, my friendship with him slowly died down, without us ever talking about it. However, my best friend is still friends with this guy, and has occasionally tried to recreate our friendship. A few weeks ago, while my friend and I were hanging out, he got a call from my ex friend. My friend mentioned he was with me, and my ex friend presumably asked if he could join, because my friend asked me if I was ok with that, to which I said no. For the sake of clarity, my ex friend hasn`t behaved badly towards me, I don`t have any very compelling reason not to spend time with him, I just don`t enjoy it. My friend later told me he thought I was being an asshole. What do you think?"
1306,AITA for talking crush into breaking up with her older bf? So I met a girl at a wedding recently. After talking and hanging out a fair bit while she was in town she headed home. we've kept in contact and I really dig this girl but we're to far away to try a distance relationship. we've talked about making a couple trips to see each other and hang out but she also had a bf. Over the last couple weeks talking to her she told me about her boyfriend who's 11 years older and loves to make jokes about the people hes killed and tortured. he threatened to light her on fire once and made her lie about her age to his family to not be such a big age gap. after weeks of telling her she can do so much better and that she deserves to be happy in life as well she broke up with him over the phone last night. Shes beat up about it as she claims she loved him and he could be so sweet when he wanted to. Am I the asshole for getting her to break up with her bf? EDIT: SPELLING AND GRAMMER
1307,"AITA for being upset about getting no notice on cancelled plans with best friend? I am a female in my 30's and the other party in this situation is my best friend, male in his 30's. We live in different states and getting together in person is understandably a logistical challenge. We do interact daily online, usually chatting about a variety of topics throughout the day (from idle gif exchanges to talking about life and stuff). This is someone I'm very close to, I'll restate that we're best friends and are a big presence in each other's lives, even if not in person the vast majority of the time. At one point he mentioned being able to come by for a visit. It was pretty uncertain at that point. I was, of course, very excited even though it was a big ""maybe"". Eventually the fuzzy plans got a little more fleshed out when he said he'd probably be able to come in early May. This became a conversation topic in itself, like ""if you come over in May, we should totally do this"" and ""can't wait for you to see our new house when you visit!"". The potential visit has been brought up quite a bit, I think. Mostly by me, upon reflection, seeing as how I was the host and (well let's be honest here) the more talkative party. And I was so excited, his visit was such a big deal to me, we always have the best time together and I miss him like crazy. However, at no point was there anything like ""hey I got the plane tickets!"". Last day of April rolls around. I straight up go ahead and ask my friend if he's going to be visiting or not. To this I get a response that no, he isn't. He says he has a friend coming from out of town for several days that week, then the following week and weekend he's busy preparing for something, and the weekend after that is a big party they are hosting (they being my friend and his girlfriend), and then something else, and then it's June and there are more plans in June for him having people from out of town come over. Including me at the end of June (that was a definite thing, I was just getting childcare and stuff squared away before buying tickets). I was crushed to hear that. How could it be that a week or so away from our tentative get together plans I'm suddenly finding out that he made very definite plans for the entire month, including the week we tentatively set as one for his visit, *without letting me know until I asked whether he's actually going to visit*. It was his only time to host his other friend, and the other things were also not something that could be moved around, so I totally get that and am not upset about it. It's no big deal to nix our own semi-plans, there will be plenty of other chances to see each"
1308,"AITA for being rude towards my boyfriend's best friend? My boyfriend and I are both 25. He works full time and does part time school on the side and I am a full time student in grad school, so neither of us have a lot of time to do much outside of this. About a week ago, one of his close friends from high school and his girlfriend invited us over to hang out. I wasn't aware of this invitation until the day of because my boyfriend assumed I wouldn't want to go and had just planned to go by himself. When I found out I was also invited I asked if I could come with him and he said of course and that they wanted me there. To be fair, I haven't known this friend for a very long time, and he was my boyfriend's childhood best friend so I don't expect to have much in common with them. I also have social anxiety, so reaching out and meeting new people helps me overcome it a lot, but it's also hard for me to do. My boyfriend has told me multiple times now that I need to just put myself out there, so that's why I wanted to come hang out with him and his friends. I thought it would be good to meet new people. But when we were all hanging out, whenever I'd try to make small talk or join in on the conversation I was entirely ignored. They would either stop talking and look at me funny and continue the conversation without me, or they would talk over me entirely, even when the conversation was about something we all liked. His friend's girlfriend wouldn't really talk to me either. Like I said, I expect them to have more to talk about and that's fine. However because of how they were treating me I decided to just stop talking because I was being ignored anyways. After about 5 hours of this my boyfriend pulls me to the side and asks me if I want to leave because I look pissed. I told him what was going on and he decided it was time to go. Then, in the car home he proceeds to tell me about how ""I didn't have to come if I didn't want to"" and about how he was embarrassed because his friend ""thought I was mad at him"". He also told me not to go to things if I don't actually want to go and then goes on a huge rant about how I'm stopping him from hanging out with his friends and so on. I told him that if his friends don't want me there I just won't go next time and all he said was ""you didn't have to come this time."" The thing is is that I **did** want to go and I **was** trying but was being entirely ignored. This has never happened with these friends before and we've hung out twice prior to this, but now I feel like shit"
1309,"AITA for catching a cashier just before her break? I was at my local store to pick up some stuff and when I went to checkout, the cashier seemed visibly annoyed. She rang up my food pretty fast and sent me on my way. I didn't even get a receipt, but I was using cash, so it was fine. After I checkout, I hear ""Hey [cashier name], want to go on your break?"" I felt so bad. She seemed really annoyed and just wanted to take a break. Am I the Asshole?"
1310,"AITA for getting mad at someone speeding past me? So about half an hour ago, I was driving home and it was about 12:30 AM, and I was coming up a long off ramp from the freeway. This guy was tailing me fairly closely over the short distance of freeway I had to cross to get home. Mind you, I was driving about 65 in a 60. Once I pulled onto the off ramp and pulled into the right lane to turn right (it connects with another road so it's two lanes leading up to the light) and he zooms past me and pulls in front of me, turns, and speeds off into the night. I mean I get having a nice, fast car and wanting to drive it fast or wanting to get home quick because it's late, but does that piss anyone else off? Or am I just an asshole?"
1311,"AITA for ""ghosting"" my best friend of three years because he keeps putting his foot in his mouth? I have a best friend, Jack, who is in his early 30s. I'm a woman in my mid 20s. Before I met Jack, I was raped twice. I was suicidal for years following this and do not want to elaborate for obvious reasons. Jack suspected this and was always very considerate. One night I very strongly implied what had happened to me. After that, Jack would randomly bring up ""fake feminists"" who make up fake rape accusations or accuse men of raping them by simply looking at a woman. The kind of fake posts you see on TIA. He never did this previously, and because I knew him, I could tell he actually believed that he was doing it to help me, in an extremely misguided *look OP, I'm on your side and I want to show that I'm against anyone who cheapens that word* way. The second time he did this - in front of our coworkers, at the office no less - I sat in silence for ten minutes while he went on, staring at the table to stop myself from crying before I excused myself and blew his phone up later calling him out because how dare he start bringing that shit up at work when I had confided in him. That what he was doing was encouraging me that I did the right thing by never reporting what had happened because all people like him do is encourage the ""fake accusation"" thing and turn it into some fucking joke unless there's a man there giving his permission for a woman to call it that (for the record - what happened to me was textbook rape and I don't mean to dismiss male experiences). That the shit he was accusing those liars of, I had also been accused of and people like him were why victims never come forward. I was very harsh, and very upset. He apologised sincerely and immediately. Told me that he had figured it out since before I implied it, that when I implied it that confirmed it to him, that he knew I was upset at the office but chose to ""keep going"" (??), and that what he did was fucked up but he sees now how offensive it was and he'd never do it again. A year later Jack moved eight hours away. A month ago, Jack tells me that he really cherishes our friendship and he's thankful that we're still mates. He hints towards our only fight by saying that he's sorry for the stupid shit he's said. He didn't really bring it up, and he let the subject drop. I kept the subject going and I mentioned how the person who did it to me later apologized but then also asked for pictures. Jack replies: >to make light of the situation, which I'm not sure I should do, but to highlight it's ridiculousness.... ""hey you raped me"" ""yeah soz, hey got any sweet"
1312,"AITA: Screaming child during entire tour. Seems like every time we pay for some kind of tour, some parents bring in some screaming brat, then do absolutely nothing about. At Christmas the whole taste testing in Hershey (which we had to pay for) was ruined because TWO families brought in their brat kid who screamed throughout, making it not only unnerving, but impossible to hear the presenter. Last night at the Titanic museum we had a guided tour, paid extra for it in fact, and the presentation was nearly impossible to hear over the little screamer. My wife could see me starting to boil. Several of the tourees grumbled loudly. Brat continues. The tour guide started actually starting the presentation before the stroller was pushed into the room so the rest of us could hear something. I'm of the opinion when you pay for an experience, there is an obligation to not ruin it for the other attendees. Wife disagrees. AITA?"
1313,"AITA for only paying for one of my girlfriend's beers after offering to buy the first beer Me and my girlfriend rarely go to bars but occasionally we'll go to this one quiet place with really nice flavored beers. While we were eating dinner at a restaurant I suggested that we go to it. She said yeah, and I said I'll buy her a beer to celebrate something. Everything at the bar went alright until we were gonna order the second round. I said I was gonna get another and asked if she was going to get one too, she asked if she could. I basically said ""well it's your money"", and she got very upset with me. We ended up leaving soon after because of it. She kept going at me with many versions of ""that's so shameful, you couldn't spare a little money for a small beer? You were already treating me to one! You're so greedy!"", to which I replied with ""I offered to buy you one, I didn't say I was buying for the whole night"". She wouldn't let up with it and acted as if it was some moral tragedy that I was going to have a second beer without buying her one. We don't share finances or anything and money is tight for both of us. We kept fighting for the whole night. She pretty much just kept repeating ""How can you be so shameless? To order another big beer for yourself without ordering me a small one! I'm ashamed for you!"". I kept chalking it just a difference of opinion that isn't really a big deal, but she just kept being so over the top about it and drawing conclusions like she thinks I'll restrict finances in marriage (but no way in hell I'm marrying her without her having her own income after this) and talking about how others (friends) have treated her to more things and stuff I think she's the asshole here because I shouldn't be expected to pay for more than I offered to pay for. I also feel she was ungrateful and spoiled for fighting about it with me the entire night."
1314,"AITA My roommate hurt my Dog Ok so I came home from work and my Roommate had been watching my dogs. He tells me ""Hey your dog ate something a few hours ago and has been choking ever since."" So i gave him water, tried to feed him ect...My dog was eating and drinking but was having a hard time swallowing and was still choking. Then he threw up everything he ate and drank a few minutes later. Then my roommate tells me ""it might have been my rubber bracelet, I cant find it"" (keep in mind this would be the third time my dog ate something of my roommates because it was left on the floor. And they were things that could harm him. Sock and large magnet) so then i took my dog to the vet where they said they will try an x-ray and a scope down his throat but there might not be anything they can do. So im upset and basically in tears that my irresponsible roommate basically let this happen. So when i get home i told my roommate that if my dog dies because of his mistake then he has to move out."
1315,"AITA for being upset because my friend continued to ask me about an issue when I asked them to stop. Before I start, sorry for how long this is. This was over messenger by the way. I've been having a very hard issue recently with intrusive thoughts and OCD kind of symptoms and I wanted to speak about my close (in fact I'd say closest) friend who also suffers (well suffered now, hopefully) from the same issue. My intrusive thoughts were not focused on the same issue as them and I did not want to reveal what mine are based on (I told them this at the start), later on after having a really good, helpful, and long conversation about it I said that they could ask me some questions if they wanted. They asked what it was about (and that's fair enough as it wouldn't be beyond reasonable doubt that I may feel more comfortable telling them what the intrusive thoughts were about after the long conversation), I told them I didn't really want to say but it is similar to their issue and that it's a very common intrusive thought. I also thanked them for being understanding about me not wanting to divulge what it's about. They made a guess and it was wrong (I told them it was wrong), they then guessed again (wrong again) and again (wrong again), I asked them to stop guessing and that I was sorry - I explained that it was because if they guess it I would tell them as I'd feel mean to. They then guessed again which made me feel a bit upset as I don't want to be pushed but I know myself well enough to say that if they did get it I would tell them the truth, I told them they were wrong and they guessed again. I asked then asked them to stop guessing and they guessed again (sort of, it didn't seem like a serious guess). They then said that they can't imagine what else it could be, I said that it's good as I really don't want them to guess as I don't feel comfortable doing that right now. At this point it was drawing to a close and I thanked them for not continuing to guess after that point but I acknowledged that they did earlier. I also thanked them for having the conversation as a whole as it made me feel better. I know I probably should've brought it up then and there but I felt too mean (when they're the one helping me) to get upset at them for continuing to guess. They replied with a smiling emoji and a 'perfect' emoji (which sounds rude but I'm pretty sure it wasn't meant to be). I asked them why they continued to ask and I explained that I love them lots but it did scare me, I thanked them for the conversation overall again. They told me to stop as it's 'what the group mean with the asking questions' (I've had an issue"
1316,"AITA for suddenly cutting contact with a friend? I met this girl on tinder about a year ago. We texted over the summer for a bit but every time I tried to schedule a date to hang out, she would say she was busy and she never tried to schedule an alternative time so I assumed she just didn't want to and stopped texting her. She messaged me again when Uni started back up, and we sort-of dated for about a week before she broke up with me. Since then we've been on-again off-again friends, though only really over text. We hung out for a bit after breaking up, but over Christmas we got into a row and never really starting hanging out again. After end-of-year exams she messaged me again asking to go out for drinks. However, every time I tried to schedule a time she rejected me without suggesting a new one, so I assumed she didn't actually want to. I tried being direct, but she still made no attempt to follow up on her offer to get drinks. So I've just stopped texting her. Without telling her why or so much as a goodbye. I feel awful about it, though. Whenever people do this to me it just tears me apart, but I can't help but feel like telling her would be worse. And I'm afraid I'm just being oversensitive. I spent high school holed up in my room learning Java, so I know fuck all about navigating social situations. Am I being an asshole? And if so, is there a better way to stop being friends with this girl?"
1317,"AITA For being upset with my friend for partly backing out of my 18th? So this Saturday is my 18th birthday, and to celebrate I'm going for dinner with my closest group of friends, which consists of 8 people, and going clubbing after. I made an event on Facebook about a month ago, saying the plan was dinner and clubbing, and everyone except one guy said ""going"". Yesterday, one of the guys that had said ""going"" on the event texted me saying he couldn't come clubbing, but would come for dinner and a few drinks afterwards. This guy is one of my best, if not my best friend in the group - I've known him since I was 10. When I asked him why, he said he was going out with some other friends because it's the only night they could all make before everyone went off on holiday for the summer. I said I was looking forward to celebrating with everyone, to which he replied that he was going out with us basically every day next week (which is true), and he wanted one night with his other friends. He then said, I quote, ""lool if you're salty I'll come with you guys thought you wouldn't mind"". I told him that I was quite disappointed because I considered him a good friend, and regardless of the occasion it's a dick move to commit to something a month before and back out the week of the event, never mind when it's a close friend's 18th. After this he basically said he'd cancel with the other group and come with us. He then tried to make the excuse that he didn't know we were going clubbing and thought it was just dinner, although that doesn't really make sense to me since his first text was saying specifically that he could come to dinner but couldn't come clubbing. Am I the asshole here? I really do feel like I have some right to be upset, but on the other hand I also kinda feel like I'm forcing this guy to come to something he doesn't want to, which is obviously not my intention. What do you think?"
1318,"AITA For singling a colleague out. So a little back story. I work at a hotel in a fairy busy area. I have worked in hotels for over a year now so I have a firm understanding of front desk etiquette. When I first started, the person that works first shit (7am-3pm), was a regular front desk person like myself but recently got promoted to the prestigious title of ""Front Desk Manager"". The log book is where notes about random things about guests or maintenance or anything else that needs passed on to anyone else at the hotel are put. The situation starts a while back, I'll say around a month or so ago. The front desk area is a place that multiple people work at all hours of the day. When I would arrive, there would always be some cup rings from coffee or soda or something of the like that would make the front desk sticky. I made a not in the log book at the time asking whoever was doing it to please clean up after themselves. Everyone is an adult it's not too much to ask. This kept happening so I left another note that said pretty much the same thing. A few weeks go by and I don't really see too much in the form of stickiness so I forget about it. Last week I come in and the front desk is just disgusting. So I left another note that went something like this: ""WHY DO I KEEP LEAVING NOTES IN THE LOG BOOK IF NOBODY DOES ANYTHING ABOUT THEM? WHOEVER IS MAKING THIS MESS IS A GROSS PERSON THAT NEEDS TO GROW UP...etc."" A week goes by and nobody makes a note about it or anything. Looking back on it our new manager was out for almost that whole week. Anyways, yesterday the front desk manager left a note saying something along the lines of: ""It's nice that people have left notes about things but nobody vacuumed...make sure you actually clean the front desk before complaining about it being dirty."" So that day I basically call him out by name in the log book for being a slob that doesn't know how to pick up after himself. I said some not so nice things that I won't put here. Also another tid bit, most our front desk staff complaints come from him and his attitude towards our guests. A guest who has been staying with us for almost two weeks now told me the day he checked into hotel he seen our MANAGER standing outside WITH NO SHOES ON smoking a cigarette. Come on man we arnt some shitty motel in the middle of nowhere. Like I said we have been busy and it makes the whole hotel look gross if you're not not wearing shoes. I left a note about this incident as well. I came in for my shift today and I had asked him if he read my notes in the log book. He said no while not looking at me and left"
1319,"AITA for not wanting a demotion when me and my gf move to a different town? I recently received a workplace promotion and I'm finally earning enough to save some money in London whilst me and my girlfriend ""Natalie"" live together. Two weeks after I received the promotion, against my wishes, Natalie goes for a job interview in Cornwall (following her dream) and gets the job, so now we're moving to Cornwall. When I said I would wait until I got a decent job in Cornwall before I resigned from my nice new job Natalie threw a fit and basically said that it means we should break up if I don't want to move immediately. Given that in London, on my own, I would probably start eating into my savings to pay the rent, but mostly because Natalie was so upset, I handed in my notice at my nice new promotion and I'm leaving after only 3 months on the job. Here's the thing: upon arriving in Cornwall Natalie expects me to take the first shitty job available, even though on GBP£40,000 she will have more than enough money to support us both. Natalie refuses to allow me time to find a decent job. She's threatening to leave me because of my ""attitude"". She expects me to get a job as a shelf-stacker or bar man having just resigned from a semi-senior role in IT and take a GBP£30,000 pay cut. Reddit: Am I The Asshole for wanting to take my time and find a decent job? Context: Me and Natalie have been together for 6 years and are engaged. **TL;DR: Girlfriend gets new job far away -> expects me to move from a good job into a shitty job immediately after moving even though she can support us both. I'd rather take my time until I find a good job.**"
1320,"AITA for not controlling my dog This just happened about 30 minutes ago. I live in a rural area and I have a large yard with an underground fence for my dog. Even with her having the underground fence, I still make sure someone is always outside with her, for this exact reason. When FedEx or USPS deliver a package, they pull in the driveway and wait until I can get the dog inside. Actually the USPS driver likes to get out and pet the dog so I don't bother calling her inside when USPS arrives. The problem I have is with UPS. Most UPS drivers will pull in the driveway but some refuse. I have no idea why, the driveway is HUGE with plenty of space to turn around in, but for whatever reason they will stop in the middle of the road with their hazard lights on and walk up the driveway. Well one particular driver likes to walk up the steep 15' bank down the road from my driveway and walk around the back of the house to deliver packages onto my side porch. He's done this at least 4 different times that I can remember. Today he decided to do that and my dog and kids were outside. As he's walking around the house, my dog sees him and runs up to him and starts barking like a freaking lunatic, trying to stay between the deliver guy and my kids. So the delivery guy starts hitting her with the box and screaming and cursing as loud as he can. This made my dog completely insane and she wouldn't obey my commands. I had to physically pull her away. She did not jump, bite, or attempt to bite. She has never bitten anyone and is mostly just excited to see who's here when a car pulls in the driveway. She isn't normally like this and I think it's just because this driver basically snuck up on her. Am I an asshole for not being able to control my dog in this situation, or is the driver an asshole for taking a detour to my porch?"
1321,"AITA for expecting my husband to pick up his laundry? A few things to start, I am a stay at home mom, I cook, I clean, I home school. I do the laundry for all of us, which includes washing, folding, ironing when necessary, hanging up, and putting away, although I have started my 11 year old helping with it. All I ask is that whatever is dirty goes into the laundry hamper. My husband, for some reason, has a serious problem with putting his clothes in the hamper, he just drops them wherever he takes them off, whether it's the bedroom, the bathroom, or the living room. So I stopped washing anything that wasn't in the hamper. He sent me a text today and asked if I did laundry because he was out of socks and I told him that I had but he didn't have much in the hamper and now he's mad at me. Should I be expected to round up all his laundry from all over the house? Even my 11 year old knows that if it's not in the laundry hamper it doesn't get washed."
1322,"AITA for breaking up with my 8 girlfriend in hopes of finding a 9 or 10? Hi /r/AmITheAsshole, Girlfriend [24F] Ashley and I started dating about 5 years ago shortly following an harsh breakup with my first love. We were part of the same friend group and I was attracted to her personality more than anything. We started hooking up and we were moving towards being exclusive. I was never 100% there but she was so I decided to go for it. Throughout the relationship I've always had a wandering eye; naturally because I am so young. A lot of nights thinking what my life would be like with another girl. *Fast forward to 2016* I got fed up with the feeling eating at my insides and broke it off with my girlfriend. Destroyed our friend group (she slept with my best friend) Mind you, she is a fantastic girl aside from the above. Sought after by a lot of guys. She's intelligent, loving, great motherly instincts. What a lot of guys would consider ""wife"" material. Sometimes I think she's everything I want in a girl (minus looks somewhat). We got back together a few months later because I'm a ***** and was getting depressed. Not sure if because I missed her or missed being in a relationship. *Fast forward to now* *Gained some confidence thanks to /r/keto* Same feelings are back and I'm on the verge of breaking it off again. I feel I would never be happy not knowing if there is a better girl out there or not. I know this isn't all fair to her to lead her on like this. Or ask her to be there if I realized I fucked up again. I can't / won't do that. Also, she lives with me because she can't financially afford to live on her own. I would basically be kicking her out on the street to live with her mother or a friend. Am I an asshole (obviously) for breaking it off with an 8 to look for a 9 or a 10? Thank you for reading this. TLDR: Girlfriend of 5 years lives with me. Contemplating kicking her out because I can't stop thinking about the what ifs of finding a 9 or 10."
1323,"AITA for accidentally smoking around a friend who's quitting? Preface: my cousin had died an hour beforehand (suicide) and there was family drama going on. I was with my friends June and Dawn trying to decompress. Unbeknownst to me June, a former smoker, had decided to quit. Dawn, a non smoker, knew this and told me to stop because June was trying to quit. June has a history of saying one thing and doing another, and previously has said ""I don't smoke"" while slyly smoking. I'm closer with June to Dawn, and figured June would tell me if it bugged her instead of keeping quiet. I ignored Dawn and when she bugged me again I asked her sickly sweet to stop, because I had more ""fucking important things on my mind"". I figured that if June had a problem with it, she'd mention it herself like normal. However she stayed silent. Three days later she exploded on me, saying she felt attacked by how inconsiderate I was and at the time was furious with me. I responded that she hadn't told me she was quitting and I wasn't in the best frame of mind. AITA for smoking around my friend?"
1324,"AITA: Moving during teenage years I should say WAS I the asshole, as this happened 2 years ago. Anyways at the time I was 18, and my parents have bad habits on deciding places to live. Im talking we've owned four homes, and move to a new house about once every year and a half to two years. This trend started when I was about 9. Anyway, since I was 18 I wanted to stay and get a job, but I had just graduated high school when we were going to move and I had decided I was fed up with moving. I had no job because I just got out of school, and had nowhere else to go but with my parents. They think that, ""If youre gonna live with us, youre going to help with the move"" despite that I have no other option and they are the ones that want to move all the time. Theres a lot of work here too. We have an RV, a car and a truck, along with my own car. We have two full storage units and everything needed packed in the span of about a week. AITA for not wanting to help at all with the move when they are the ones who force themselves to do it all the time, and that I wanted to stay but was forced to go? Should I have helped move? Does their argument stand up, the fact that 'if im living with them i have to help' despite I have nowhere else to go and had no job because we moved places so often i couldnt get a solid foundation? This is just petty shit I know, and it happened two years ago, so it's over anyway. Thanks for your thoughts."
1325,AITA for hating this joke? AITA? Watching a show on abc. Host makes a joke about fraternizing with a 'minor.' (I use fraternizing because he talks about his 'girlfriend' but nothing specific) I'm hard of hearing so I watch with the subtitles on. It said 'minor' explicitly. The joke was that she worked in a coal mine. Thus she should have been a 'miner' I'm pissed off about jokes regarding pedophilia and tweeted them about it. Am I the asshole?
1326,"AITA: My friend sold me a motorcycle, I then resold it for a profit. So my friend sold me an old Yamaha YD3 250 for £500, for 'spares or repairs', it didn't work at all, it didn't even start. In fact, it didn't even have two wheels. I spent 4 months renovating it, sinking a further £800 into it, spending hours working on it, including a paint job **EDIT** (which I did myself) **END**, and placed an advert for it online for £2000 o.n.o, and it went for £2100. He says that I should give him 'at least' £450 as 'his share' of the profit because without him I would never have had the bike, and he wouldn't have sold it to me if he had known my plans. My argument is, is that he knew I was buying it for a project, once I took ownership it became legally mine, and he didn't invest any time, or money, in repairing the bike. And is entitled to nothing more than the original £500 I gave him to buy it."
1327,"AITA for expecting a portion of business debt to be paid by a friend abandoning our jointly-owned retail store? I'll try to tell this as unbiasedly as possible. Myself and 3 others own a small retail store. It hasn't been wildly successful so far, so we have about $16k of credit card debt racked up on a business credit card that is in the company name, but I am listed as the responsible party on. One of my co-owners, Travis, was starting up a business of his own on the side and let us know he's not going to be able to cover shifts at the store. We all have day jobs and families so we get it, putting food on the table comes first. So we banded together and took over his shifts. During this time we move locations to a bigger, more visible retail space. I and the two others spend most of our free time cleaning, painting, sanding, building, etc for the new place. Travis doesn't. He says he has no time in the day. I told him that, due to my day job, neither do i, I go at night and that he may want to consider that if it works better for him. He gets defensive and aggressive, a problem we've run into with him several times before, and starts a yelling match with me. I explain that everybody is putting time in but him. Travis, unfortunately, feels that as long as he has a noble reason for not doing something then he is in the right and everyone else is evil. So he says the reason that he does just as much work as we do, but he does it as his business and he's not willing to abandon his family like *we* are. I explain to him that work done at his business is irrelevant to us, and doesn't translate into work done at our business and try to remind him that he voluntarily signed up for this and, if he felt it was family abandonment, he had full ability to decline his position. Later things get kind of better. Things are still tense because he's incredibly stubborn and never apologizes, even if he admits he's in the wrong, but we move on. About 2 months later he spends most days he comes in with his nintendo switch just playing instead of doing anything and, finally, he makes a post in our Facebook group saying ""So, can I leave the company now or what?"" We all agree that, since he's dinner nothing for about 4 months now, that we're fine without him. This is where that $16k debt comes in. We're very relaxed. We have no official policy for when someone leaves. One guy left before and he paid his share of what was, at the time, a $2000 debt. So, I brought up to Travis, knowing he's probably going to explode. I told him that if he wants to pay his share now he can, or if he wants to wait until the end"
1328,"AITA for playing the music that went with the city fireworks while in a crowd? Usually I'm against playing music out loud on your phone in public. However, my family went to a park today to watch the city's firework display. We were a few miles away from downtown (where the fireworks were), so we could just see them but were not in the fray of the 4th of July celebration itself. The park we were at was a popular spot for families to set up. My dad wanted me to play the radio station that was broadcasting the music that went with the fireworks (there was an orchestra playing it downtown). I pulled it up on my phone and played it on speaker. My mom remarked later that she heard some girl say, ""Doesn't she have headphones?"" I'm wondering if she thought it was just some random playlist and not the music that went with the fireworks. But in any case, am i the asshole for playing the music out loud on my phone?"
1329,"AITA - Forgot to get a Birthday Card or Gift So the weeks leading up to my husband's birthday have been pretty hectic. The weekend of his birthday I got really sick - fever, snot everywhere, aching and misery. We had plans the day of his birthday to go out with family for dinner and we did. I put on a cheery face, packed an extra load of Kleenex and had a family dinner and drinks after. Had a great time. I did apologize to him for forgetting to get him a card or gift. He said, ""that's okay, baby."" Two days later he's super pissed off. And I understand that. I am a pretty big asshole for not getting him a card and/or gift. I feel pretty shitty and I've been beating myself up and browsing Amazon for an ""I'm sorry"" gift. So, I know I'm an asshole -how big an asshole am I?"
1330,"AITA for expecting my neighbors to lower the volume of their music? My girlfriend and I live in an apartment, and sometimes our next door neighbors play music very loudly. Sometimes, it's loud enough that the wall vibrates, and other times it's not quite that loud but still very audible. They haven't played music during quiet hours (10 pm to 7 am), which I'm thankful for. They also seem to play the music in 10 second intervals. So it's not a constant stream of music, but those few seconds occur unpredictability and the music is intense/loud. I don't know why they do this, but felt that it was important to note for context. To be honest, the music really irritates me. It has woken us up around 8:30 am on a few occasions. It's hard to relax after work around, say, 7 pm when I'm anticipating the next burst of music. We've lived here for two years and haven't had this particular issue with any of our previous three neighbors here. I don't want to ask them to stop playing their music altogether. I just don't think that I should have to hear their music, regardless of whether it's quiet hours or not. I want to go over there, introduce myself, explain the issue, and politely ask them to lower the music's volume. Another redditor said that I'd be asking for a huge favor by doing this and should even bring them cookies or beer for honoring the request... I'm inclined to view it as a common courtesy. But what do you think? Am I the asshole?"
1331,"AITA For Booking A Grad Trip On My Parents B-Days? So I recently graduated high school and the dream amongst my friend group was to go to the Caribbean to celebrate. After planning and research, we found out that the only week that everyone could go on was the last week of July. It also happens that both of my parents Birthdays are in that week. Am I the asshole for going on this trip instead of staying and celebrating my parents' birthdays?"
1332,"AITA for continuing to argue when someone backpedals I'm pretty sure I'm an asshole when I do this, so I'm more asking for help understanding why it's an asshole thing to do and what I should do instead. I don't exactly have great social skills, so please help me. While I don't really get in major arguments that often with people, I do get into somewhat trivial arguments with my close friends and family at least once a month, and a common aspect of those arguments is that I'll continue to argue if they backpedal, unless they also give a good apology. I'll give a specific example that happened a couple days ago. I'll do my best to be as accurate as possible, but I don't think the quotes that I'll give are 100% verbatim. I think they're close, though. My boyfriend and I, who both play a lot of video games, were talking about video games over the phone. We talked about Dragon Age: Inquisition, and I had mistakenly thought that my boyfriend had played it before, and he corrected me, telling me that he played it for only an hour before stopping. He likes the series, but he didn't like Dragon Age II much, which discouraged him from continuing the series. I like the entire series quite a lot. After that, we moved on to talking about Xenoblade Chronicles, which is one of his favorite games, and I'm looking forward to playing it someday. He talked for a while about everything that he loves about it, and at one point, he said, ""Oh yeah, the reason that I stopped playing Inquisition is because Xenoblade Chronicles does it better."" It wasn't clear what ""it"" was, but I think he was referring to the sidequest system and the gameplay. I don't know much about Xenoblade Chronicles, so I don't really have an opinion on that, but I actually don't especially like the gameplay in Inquisition either. Based on his tone and his words, I found what he said to be a bit dismissive about a game that I really like, and while I tried to let it go at first, I ultimately decided to tell him that that was a rude thing to say about a game that I like, and I went on to say that that is a foolish reason to not give a game more of a chance, especially when that game was pretty well-received and many of his friends like the game. While I tried to say that calmly, I'm sure I sounded a bit irritated. He, also sounding irritated, responded that it wasn't dismissive or rude because he also likes Dragon Age (the first game, anyway) and he intends on playing Inquisition someday, too. He also said that he was praising Xenoblade Chronicles and not insulting Inquisition. This is the part where I think I was an asshole. I told him that he was insulting Inquisition because of the way he phrased it and because he gave it as a reason for why he stopped playing after"
1333,"AITA Me [22-24M] with a close friend [21-23F], ghosted her after a change of demeanor. Sorry for the wall of text. All of what is listed below happened over a year ago, I just find myself thinking about this person from time to time and would like some perspective. Thank you. Throughout my college years I was fortunate to spend my summers at working a prominent local resort/landmark. It was unique in that it is located on a fairly small island with a tight knit community that’s population over triples in size over the summer do to tourist demand. A lot of the larger resorts and businesses on the island had something of a tradition of hiring overseas students on work visas for the busy season. For me, as a traveler, it was a great way to meet some excellent people from around the world. When I was 22, my 3rd consecutive summer working at this island, I met a brother (Ahmed 23) and sister (21 Zahra) from a middle eastern country and we became fast friends. I won’t list much detail about that summer, but the important detail is that we became close enough that when they went back to their home country at the end of summer, they pleaded with me to come visit and stay in their home as well as tour me around the landmarks of their wonderful country. I went for 3 wks in January that year and had a truly magnificent time, meeting friends & family, eating local food and going out at night. I really felt blessed to have made these friends I got along with so well. When the next summer came around, Ahmed did not a work visa to come back to the island but Zahra did. The job she was to work provided employee housing, but I was tasked by her brother and parents to keep an eye on her. Which of course was no issue, Zahra and I got along like 2 peas in a pod. We had the same sense of humor, liked many of the same hobbies and so on. It’s worth noting here, that well she was absolutely drop-dead gorgeous, I knew that we would certainly never have an intimate relationship due to her Muslim background, which her family took extremely seriously. She never said it directly but it was understood she could only date Muslim men. That summer was so much fun, mostly because of her. I had been given a promotion prior to the busy season starting and was now a restaurant manager working roughly 70 hrs a week. She was working multiple jobs to save money for her schooling and to help with transport between jobs, I let her use my new Scooter (doesn’t require motorcycle license) all summer long, as I had my own car as well. We were practically attached at the hip if we were not working. We’d squeeze in meals between shifts, either going to one of the excellent local restaurants or cooking for each other. We’d play cards with friends"
1334,"AITA in this discussion? I've been living in a non-English-speaking country for two years now but I haven't managed to study the local language yet. (I managed to pick up some but it's mostly basic and non-conversational.) A friend and I were talking today over lunch in English, along with two others. I excitedly said that I managed to talk with someone on the phone in the local language. A friend on the table then said something along the lines of ""well, it's not really much of an achievement since you've been here for two years now"". I didn't like this comment but tried to be light about it and said something like sure, but it's really difficult for me -- and that's true. And perhaps I haven't been really making a gallant effort in learning it. But then she kept on making examples of other people who managed to do so. I tried to take all of it as jabs or jokes and it kept going on. It came to a point where I felt that it was less of encouragement and more putting me down for not being able to get a hang of the local language because of how she kept on about other people managing to get a hang of it in a shorter period of time. I never heightened my voice but it was clear that I was upset when I said something along the lines of ""a little encouragement would have been great"" and ""i kinda feel bad now from what you're saying"". She said something along the lines of okay, then we don't have to talk about this. After that, the table went quiet until the end of the meal. No one started a conversation after that happened and it felt awkward and I feel that it was somehow my fault. Afterwards, I talked to her and she claimed that she was just trying to encourage me by giving the examples and she didn't appreciate that I allegedly painted her as the villain. She wouldn't admit that what she did might have been construed as discouragement. (Is it?) In fact, she said something along the lines of: ""I tried to make it clear that it was encouragement in the middle of the meal then you reacted like I was the bad guy"". However, I don't remember any of it. She might be telling the truth for all I know. Who knows. Anyway, we are friends and we talked about it. In the end it's just been some misunderstanding. She took offense because she felt I was painting her as the bad guy (and that's why she tried to stop the conversation), and I took offense because I felt she was making fun of me / implying I was inadequate for not being able to learn the local language as quickly. Am I the asshole for making the lunch awkward? And, for the next time something like this happens: Was I too sensitive? Were my reactions valid?"
1335,"AITA if I demand compensation for this trip to and from work? I have a summer job at a group home, and I recently had a shift where I slept over at work (these are common, I don't know the English word for it). I made a mistake and accidentally brought some keys back and didn't notice until I got back home and wanted to go back as soon as possible to leave them at work. This trip cost a total of over 100 dollars back and forth. I could have taken the train and made it back there before the keys were required, but I wanted to fix my mistake quickly. I also could have taken the cab to work and gone by train back. I had quit work two or three hours earlier and didn't want to waste time going back since it takes over an hour by train. I called the place and told them I had accidentally taken the keys home and said I'd go back as soon as possible. What they didn't tell me, and what I found out the day after this trip, is that there are extra keys for when things like this happen, so this trip was completely unnecessary. The one who answered the phone has been working there for eight years and didn't know that we had extras. I asked the guy I was working with today if he thought I could get compensation for this, and he said I wouldn't since it was my bad. He's right, and I've learned a lesson to never put keys in my pockets. I'm a bit of a coward though and don't really want to confront anyone else but possibly my boss via mail. Would I be an asshole for expecting compensation?"
1336,"AITA: how can i get my rep back so i was cuddling in bed with this girl whom i only knew as a friend, and after 45 min of spooning i caress her chest. I immediately stop and regret, apologize to her. Few days later she tells my friends i have traumatized her... now all my friends think i'm a rapist. What can i do ?"
1337,"AITA for telling my roommate I won't watch his kid? My living situation is weird. I'm a 30-year-old dude living with a not-quite-40-year-old and his 8-year-old daughter. We're not in a relationship (people seem to assume that when you say you're living with a dude), we're just both cheap and saving on rent. Anyway, today his daughter knocked on my door while I was upstairs and asked if I would watch her while he went to the store. I told her yes, but after he left, I sent [these texts] When he got home, he seemed really dejected, but I didn't want to talk about it in front of his daughter, so I later sent [this] I feel bad, because in a couple years of living here, this is the first time he's asked me to watch his daughter. At the same time, though, I feel like doing it for ""free"" even once sets a bad precedent, and I needed to put the kibosh on it."
1338,"AITA? My housemate had a tantrum 3 days ago. We've been ignoring eachother ever since. I'm not going to budge. I've been renting from him for 2 years. For the most part, he's a good guy, and I consider him a friend. We've each gone out of our way to help eachother on different occasions. ""D"" was in a major car accident 6 years ago that resulted in a traumatic brain injury and some cracked vertebrae. He can be emotionally reactive and immature. One of my boundaries is that I hate cigarettes and hate buying them for people. Ive been very clear about that, but due to his situation, I've done it for him (grudgingly) many times. Last week, he asked me again. ""This is the last time. I swear it."" he said. ""I'm getting a deliver of nicotine gum soon, and I'm quitting"". I relented. 3 days ago, he asked me if I'd pick him up some smokes. I reminded him of his promise. ""I said I'd never ask you to buy them again. Here's the money"" Another boundary is that I don't like being lied to. So I called him out. Que the tantrum. Fuck you. You're an asshole. You always break my balls. You never do anything for me.... I stayed calm. ""Don't you think you're exaggerating?"" I asked. ""You know what? You better not ask me for anything ever again"" I get it- he's got impulse control problems. He's dug in and now it's about defending his position no matter what. In the interests of domestic tranquility, I could offer an olive branch, just to be the bigger man. My attitude is fuck that. Frankly, the silence is worth the tension. And if he wants to take this to its logical conclusion, I'll move. What's your read?"
1339,"AITA for rigging a raffle at work? I'm a supervisor at my job with a very strong union. Because of this we have attendance issues with many employees so to help with this, we have raffles on days that have historically low attendance such as the day before or after a holiday. We give everyone who came to work on time a ticket and our safety supervisor will draw 1 to determine he winner. This particular days prize was a bike with the company logo on it. Well I happened to walk in when she was drawing (she does it kind of privately) and I saw who the winner was. Well this particular gentleman has horrible attendance. Don't get me wrong, he is someone I would consider a friend so it's not like I have a grudge or anything but there are plenty of other hard working employees who deserve it more. So I told her that and I said don't pick him just pick someone else. So we had a little talk about who to pick and I couldn't think of anyone so I just redrew from the box and the next person was actually a great employee who didn't have a car and walked to work everyday. So my question is AITA here? I feel like I did the right thing and put the bike in the hands of someone who actually needed it and deserved it but I had to do it in a sneaky slimey way."
1340,"AITA for expecting my girlfriend to help with my visa stuff I currently live in my girlfriend's country. I've lived here for over a year in total (with 3 month breaks). Whenever visa application time rolls around we always fall into the same problem - she acts like it's all on me. She moans and groans whenever she has to do anything for it or help me with it. Often citing achss and pains she's had for months as reasons as to why she doesn't want to take me to x to get paper y. What's worse is I don't really speak the language here all that well. Definitely not enough to communicate what I need. She always insists that it's entirely my responsibility and tells me I'm being ungrateful when I don't recognize her ""helping me"" when she does help me get a document I need. I feel the opposite. I feel it's both of our responsibilities. I'm already doing most of the work just being here, and honestly I don't think she'd do the same thing for me. I feel if anyone is ungrateful it's her for not recognizing how difficult it was to move here away from everything and have to live in a different culture that I can't even understand the language of for over a year just to be with her. I fully expect her to be just as involved in the visa process as I am. Does this make me an asshole?"
1341,"AITA For Thinking She's Unreasonable and Controlling? My SO and I moved into a new apartment in April. We have 2 roommates, a 60- year old woman and a man in his 40s or early 50s. He is a recovering alcoholic and goes to AA meetings everyday. The man and i have talked about his recovery multiple times. He has a sponsor and is a sponsor himself to about 4 people. Yesterday my SO came home from work after having a couple beers with a friend. I found an empty beer bottle in his lunch box and threw it away. No issues. This morning I get called out of my room by the woman (her name is the only one on the lease; we moved in with her) and told ""ya know [man] is in AA and you can't be having that alcohol in here."" I told her what happened- didn't drink here, just threw it away- and she keeps arguing with me about it like ""I'm not trying to control you (yes she is; major control freak) but you have to think about everyone else in the house."" I replied, ""I'm just a little frustrated because we've had alcohol in the fridge a couple of times before- once you even asked me what I was drinking/how it tasted/etc, and you never said anything."" She says, ""yeah well I just never had the chance."" Not believing her, I asked if I should give her an extra $20 a month in rent and I could get a mini fridge in our room and she said no because ""we don't have to take it there. I don't care if you drink or whatever but it ruins too many lives. You know [Man] is in recovery and my sisters both drink like fishes."" (I didn't know this until right now.) I ended up just being like ""So what do you want us to do? you say we're allowed to drink or whatever but you don't want it in your house and you don't wanna be involved in it? What are the options then?"" and she was like ""whatever you want to do."" Like, if it really was ""whatever I wanted"" I'd be able to keep a 6 pack on my shelf in the fridge..."
1342,"AITA for aggressively pursuing an apartment that I wanted? **My side, you can call me Bob:** I recently moved. In preparation for my move, I was looking into a short term rental for a few months while I looked for a more permanent place. Though a networking group, I found a woman, lets call her Alice, who lead me to believe that she was looking to sublet her apartment for a few months. We communicated, tentatively agreed on price and arranged a time for me to see the place in person. I get there, and Alice is not around, but the landlord is. Let's call the landlord Charlie. I introduce myself, and Charlie the landlord shows me around. Charlie the landlord tells me that while he has offered to lease the apartment to Alice, and they tentatively agreed on terms, Alice has not yet actually leased the apartment. As in, had not gotten a key, not signed a lease, not paid a deposit. Obviously I'd only be able to sublet the apartment from Alice if she actually followed though on leasing it in the first place. Charlie the landlord added that he personally disliked Alice in their previous dealings, and that it was too bad I only wanted a short-term place, because he would much rather have me as a tenant. It was a nice place, a reasonable price, and I was actually looking for a long term rental in the area - I just wasn't expecting this to be it. I told Charlie the Landlord that if it was really available, I would take it on the spot. Charlie the landlord agreed and emailed me the lease. I read it over; we negotiated for a few minutes; then I wrote a check and Charlie the landlord handed me the keys. Mine. Charlie and I met the next day and signed the physical lease that matched what we'd agreed to. We made fun of Alice's unethical emails asking me to send her cash to secure my sublet of an apartment that wasn't hers. Cool. I have a nice new rental. I finished my house hunting early. I don't need to deal with a temporary rental. I saved the cost of moving twice. Charlie and I don't have to deal with Alice, who it turns out is kinda-sorta a fraudster. Alice was furious and sent me several emails threatening to sue various people. She apparently also had a heated exchange with Charlie. I replied to Alice once, to say that neither of us had any say in who Charlie ultimately decided to offer a lease. **Alice's side - I'll try not to speculate on her motivation:** I was about to rent a great new place. The only wrinkle is that I was going to be traveling for work for a few months and I couldn't really justify renting it and leaving it empty. Then I met Bob, who offered to sublet it for a couple months while I was away. Perfect! I arranged for Bob to meet the Landlord and see the property."
1343,"AITA: I (22f) got upset that my SO (34M) doesn't want to go out with me and hasn't once since we met over a year ago? Edit: We got some space from one another and resolved our issue. We're going to try a new place in our city that he picked. So our respective ages and genders are in the title. I've been saying for the past month or 2 that we should go out. By this I mean hit the bars, have a few drinks and some food, listen to some music. My SO (Eric) doesn't want to go out. He's told me that he's ""over"" going to bars and drinking. He did it enough in his twenties and it's not fun anymore. I haven't had this experience and I want to do it on occasion (3-4x/yr). Should I just go out with friends and leave him home? Should I do what he wants? Is it wrong for wanting to go out once in a while and get drunk after a long week? AITA for asking him to go out with me FOR THE FIRST TIME in our relationship that started in March of 2016?"
1344,"AITA for suing a potentially indigent electrician? I'm going to grad school soon. To keep my costs down, I am living in an RV. I bought the RV by saving a up a lot of money and using some of an inheritance I got from my grandfather's estate. The RV I bought turned out to have a lot of problems, so I parked it at my parent's place to renovate it. I decided to have an electrician install a 30 amp, 110 volt outlet at my parent's place so I could use the RV's entire electrical potential while working on it. I hired a local ""electrician"" with great reviews online, and a website that said he was ""licensed, trusted, and insured."" This person installed a 240 volt outlet outside, despite the outlet itself saying it was for 110 volt service. When I plugged my RV in, it fried my RV's central console, all of my electronics plugged into the RV (laptop, power tools, game system), my refrigerator, and my AC. I was, of course, furious. He effectively destroyed the majority of my assets with his egregious screw up. I called him back the next day, informing him that I was going to sue him if his mistake was not corrected and I was made whole. He comes back, profusely apologizing, and states he will start working immediately. I come over to him, asking for his insurance information. I figured that he was not qualified to work on my RV. He reported that he did not have insurance... I lost my composure. I started yelling at him, telling him I was going to ""sue the shit"" out of him. He started to run away. My father, a lawyer, came out to see if he could help with the situation and calm me down since this guy has effectively destroyed all of my assets. My father told me to take a picture of the sign on his truck which side that he was licensed and insured. He ripped off the signs and dove into his truck. I took a picture of him in his truck without the signs I our driveway and his license plate. I later screencapped his website which reported that he was licensed and insured. He said suing him would be useless because it would be like ""bleeding a turnip."" He said he only made 8K last year, and has a wife and four children. He did not understand why I was trying to go the legal route, as he was trying to make it right by working on my RV. Since he is not insured, I do not him to work on my RV or anything, especially since he screwed up so fantastically before. This smells of BS to me, but I am at my wit's end, so everything does. How would you survive on 8K a year with 4, perhaps 5 mouths to feed, even if you're living in the rural American South? I tried to look him up on my state's board of electricians using the license number"
1345,"AITA for wanting a friends help So I'm trans(21) and currently going through a really bad patch of depression, it's been going on for several months now and just keeps getting worse. I struggled to talk to friends as I was afraid I'd spread my unhappiness (the few times I was in small groups with them I was described as ""soul sucking"" and ""miserable"") or that I'd end up giving in and asking them to help (which would just be hearing me moan about my problems), and I refuse to be a burden or responsibility for anyone. Several friends started ignoring me because of this. Only one close friend remained who realised that I wasn't doing great, mostly because she lived with me at the time and found out about my attempted suicide during all this. Jump on a month or so to me telling my family and having them tell me they'd never accept this and being forced to live with them for the next 9 months due to college reasons. This made everything just spiral downwards until I gave in and messaged my remaining friend tell her about my suicidal thoughts. She said she'd call me, but after not hearing from her for several days afterwards that made things worse. I then left a Facebook group she was in because she was constantly online chatting to 2 other people we know and it just made me feel worse and more hated. After I left she told me she was going to contact my younger sister and she told her to be worried about me, even though I told her telling my family anything about this would only make everything more difficult. Jump forward another 4 days and she hasn't talked to me since. So my question is, aita for trying to rely on a friend when I had a problem like this? Was that selfish of me? TL;DR I asked a friend for help when I maybe shouldn't have, while in a difficult situation and she is no longer talking to me"
1346,AITA For Being Too Sensitive? Lately I've noticed my best friend of 10 years always seems to be putting me down. He always makes negative comments toward my appearance such as my height (I’m 5’11”) and the clothes I wear. When I get a haircut he literally stares at my hair at all angles with a smirk then tells me how bad of a job the barber did. Is this normal for a friend to do? Even last night after going out clubbing he pointed out in front of all my friends that the dress shirt I was wearing was bought 2 years ago. He gave me shit for it the entire night and kept laughing and telling me how it wasn't normal to be wearing a shirt that was bought that long ago. I'm not sure if I'm overreacting but I found this quite degrading and ridiculous. Eventually I had enough and told him to go fuck himself. I feel as if I always dress nice wherever I go and get regular haircuts that look no different to every other guy. I treat all my friends with respect and would never make fun of their appearance. His comments are really starting to get to me and piss me off. I'm not sure if I'm being overly sensitive or if my friend is an asshole?
1347,"AITA for not wanting to see my mom while my devil nieces are in town? Good Morning! So, like the title says- my three nieces (who're like ages 13 and 9 or something IIRC) came down with my mother yesterday when she returned from visiting Hot Springs, AR. Let me tell you something about two of these three girls. They suck. So badly. The third isn't terrible only because she's pretty young and not really super cognitive of what's going on around her. Let's call them Molly and Susan for context. A little bit of history- I'm 24. I'm adopted. I don't live at home. I DO live in the same city as my family. My mother has a son from a previous marriage who is ABOUTTT 40ish years old. He's ex military. VERY much a southern man living in Ft. Worth. He has the traditional nuclear family. Three daughters. A dog. A wife. A chevy. And him and I NEVER were on the same page until I was about 17-18. He always teased me about being a little more feminine (I'm gay) He wasn't particularly warm. The only real reason we're any closer now is because he apologized for not being very ""brotherly"" my whole childhood. Additionally- my mother does this shit where she'll put words in people's mouths and then swear to god she's telling the truth. For context, if I don't come rushing over to her home the first chance I get to see my awful spoiled rotten nieces then I'm ""breaking their hearts because ALL THEY WANT is to be able to see their uncle Youngaydult! It's ALLLL they've talked about"" (none of which is true). The major problem though is these girls are SO negative and unable to keep themselves from saying the first negative thing that comes to mind. ""Why does your hair look like that?"" ""Why does your face look the way it looks?"" ""Why do you shorts come above your knee? You're boy"" ""Why do your nipples poke through your shirt"" ""Why do you drink?"" It's like every time I'm in the room some critical analysis needs to be conducted of why I'm the way I am and what's worse is the same huge question is always promoted; ""Why don't you ever come over when we're here? Why don't you like us"" ...? Like... it's not rocket science to me. Maybe it's ridiculous that a 24 year old is so insecure that the words of a child can dent my ego so badly but I just would rather not be around it. I tried to explain it to my mother but she doesn't get it and is afraid if she says anything it'll result in her granddaughters not wanting to see her. So- to me it's just better to stay at arms length. AITA?"
1348,"AITA for not wanting to talk to my recovering addict friend/acquaintance? We've known each other for over 20 years. Throughout childhood, well before he started using, he was 50% friend, 50% bully. In hindsight, he caused me some emotional damage during childhood through the bullying - he put me down a lot to feel better about himself. However, he was in my group of friends and we were relatively close before drugs. In early high school, some traumatizing things happened with his family and he mostly withdrew from our group friends, turning to the ""wrong"" crowd for drugs. Now we're all in our late 20's/early 30's and every once in a while he reaches out to me, asking what I've been up to and how I'm doing. To be honest, I think he needs normal people in his life, but I don't think I'm that friend because of how he treated me. Am I the asshole for ignoring him?"
1349,"AITA for asking my mother-in-law for a favor? This is more of a preemptive ""would I be the asshole"" to keep me from being one. My wife and I moved in with my mother-in-law after my father-in-law passed away. We are all mostly happy with the living situation, with no issues other than the minor ones you can't really avoid when sharing a residence with someone. That's not to say my MIL doesn't appreciate the times when we are gone, and we certainly appreciate the times she is gone. One of the times we get to appreciate that is when my MIL visits my wife's sister, who lives a 5-6 hour car ride away. My MIL makes this trip fairly regularly, every 4-6 weeks. This fall, I am taking a heavy class load as well as working full time. As a result, Monday-Thursday and some Fridays, I will effectively be at work or in class from the time I wake up (before 4 AM) until I go to bed. Other Fridays I work until 1 PM. On top of that I will have readings, studying, and homework to do. As a result, my wife and I will have very little time together over the 4 months of class. My wife is off Fridays and I have worked my schedule to be off the last Friday before classes start, giving us a nice 3-day weekend together before this happens. I would like to get us hotel room away, but with trying to pay for school, we can't really afford one. So we will be staying at home. So here's my question. Would I be the asshole if I asked my MIL as a favor to us to make a visit to my SIL on that weekend to ensure we have the house to ourselves. One on hand, I feel I wouldn't be the asshole if I ask it as a favor with humility because it's a trip she regularly makes, I'm just asking her to make it on a specific weekend. On the other hand, I keep feeling like I would be basically kicking her out of her own house, making me an asshole. TLDR biased against me: AITA if I ask my MIL to leave her house for the weekend for my benefit and convenience. TLDR biased for me: AITA if I ask my MIL, as a favor, to leave her house on a specific date, taking a trip she regularly takes, so that my wife and I can have a weekend alone before four months of barely seeing each other because of our schedules."
1350,"AITA for not wanting to see my girlfriend when she makes plans with others Recently my girlfriend has been starting a new habit. She'll make plans with other people and expect me to drop everything I'm doing to hang out with her for a measly half an hour before/after. And inbetween that she's been acting what I'd call needy (constantly messaging me and demanding my attention when she knows I'm busy with other things, acting annoyed at me when I'm not up for a call, generally acting like she wants my full attention 24/7). For example on last saturday we were going to meet up and it was implied we'd spend the evening (from 9PM to midnight-ish) together. It was around 9 when she told me that she just then had made plans with her dad to eat dinner together around 9:30-10. I considered it a big dick move because by the time we were both ready and actually walked to meet up we'd have maybe a half an hour together. I decided to cancel it because her dad was already expecting her but she told him she'd be ""a bit"". Then, when she got home from that she kept blowing up my phone with how much she misses me and wants to see me. I was playing a game and really couldn't talk at that moment so I told her I'll respond in a bit because I'm busy, and she kept going on asking why. I told her I was in the middle of a game and she mocked it. Then the next day she spent the whole day with her dad and later on at midnight (already pretty late to be out in the city alone) practically forced me (through like an hour of begging) to come over to her place. And now earlier today she spends the day with her friend and then at midnight asks me if I want to go for a walk as she returns. I told her it was a bit late for me but I'd walk her home if she didn't feel safe and she threw a fit about how I ""didn't want to see her"" and all that. I just really feel if she wanted to see me so damn badly she wouldn't make all these plans with other people then expect me to drop everything at ungodly hours just to spend a measly half an hour with her or give her attention over the phone."
1351,"AITA for coming out? A few weeks ago, I came out as bisexual to my mother. Of course, this took her by surprise, but she told me that she still loves me. I told her because I figured she would handle it well, but she has since become a nervous wreck. She is a devout, but loving Christian, and she tells me to avoid my urges out of fear of me burning in Hell. These past few weeks have been rough on her. She has been losing sleep, her ability to keep up with work has worsened, and she seems to be eating less. However, just now, I was going to bed when I noticed her sitting up in her bed crying her eyes out. She cant take it anymore. I had to sit there with her for 20 minutes while she told me that she thinks that she has failed with me. I'm not ashamed of my sexuality, but I cant help but feel like shit over this. I know I shouldnt feel bad for being honest and open with my mom, but I cant help but feel like I've massively fucked up."
1352,"AITA for getting tired of vacation texts from my mom Long story short my mom and I (daughter) have an upcoming vacation to the Bahamas thats been planned since 2 weeks ago. For transparencies sake it should be noted that she is paying for the whole thing, probably like 5k in total, and I am a college student. Ever since we booked it she texts me every other day to tell me how excited she is or how ""its paradise"" and its driving me insane. I was into it the first couple times and even sent some myself, but at this point I am just tired of it. Can she really expect me to have a unique response to some variation of ""the bahamas is going to be fun""? I dont even know what to say at this point other than I am looking forward to it. Today when she texted me, ""85 and sunny in the bahamas with warm water, SO EXCITED!"", I felt the urge to tell her to slow down on the texts, but that seems like a shitty thing regardless of the fact that shes paying for all of it. Then again we have a month til this vacation and I don't know how much longer I can go before I snap. Am I the asshole for not being able to deal with my incessant ""So excited"" texts? Side Question: How much am I obligated to pay for on this trip? I am 20 years old but again, a broke college kid. I was thinking I could buy a dinner and cap it there, we'll be there for a week and if I don't stop her she'll pay for EVERYTHING while we are there."
1353,"AITA for accidentally selling a guitar amp We've been storing my GF's sister's Guitar and Amp and a few other knickknacks for a few months now, because GF's sis doesn't have space for it. My GF hates clutter and finally convinces her sis to sell stuff off. She sells what I think are the Guitar and Amp on craigslist but when the guy wants to come over she was already planning on going to the gym. So she asks me to come home early from work and meet up with the guy. It's a rush to get home, but all in all, no biggie. I give the guy the Guitar and Amp. He gives me the money, I think everything is great. GF comes home and I tell her and immediately she's pissed at me. Apparently, she only sold the Guitar and not the Amp. The Amp had sentimental value for her sister and sis wanted to keep it. I get mad at her back for blaming me. I point out that they were sitting together in the closet and that they clearly looked like a set. GF had been wanting to clear out this closet and these were the last remaining things. Also, her sis lives across the country, had no plans to come get it, and what were we going to do with just an Amp? So I don't think it's my fault here, but as I'm typing this from the guest room aka doghouse it doesn't really feel that way. What do you guys think, reddit? Edit: a few things for clarity"
1354,"AITA For not wanting to hang out with a friend anymore? So I'm kinda cutting one of my friends (let's call him Bart) out of my life. Bart is a cool dude but he is very annoying. He thinks it is his business to see what everyone in the world is doing. He thinks it's his business to find people who are cheating on each other. He thinks he has the right to control who ex is dating and who can date her. He is very jealous of her even though he has another girlfriend. *He's just kind of a drama whore as a person. He wants to know everything about drama going on with other people and hates it when karma comes back towards him.* With that he's a drag to be around. So for the past two days I have been at my local county fair (small town not much to do). Yesterday evening I ran into Bart. I decided to hang out with him as I had no other friends there. It was fun for the first hour or so as we just walked around, riding rides, and typical fair stuff. *Then* he noticed a girl (let's call her May) kissing some dude (other then her boyfriend who I'll call Albert). Then he turns to me and says, ""May is cheating on Albert! I've got to get a picture and send it to Albert! Albert is my best friend!"" On a side note he calls anyone who has their boyfriend or girlfriend cheat on them his best friend even though he doesn't know them in real life, or they know him and *hate* him. I think ""Damn, I've had an hour of the dude who I became close friends with and now the drama whore has returned."" I tell him whatever and go off alone. Today I didn't hang out with him as there were a few more friends who aren't drama whores there. But about 8 pm rolls around and Bart runs up to me and says, ""If you see Disposable Jock #1 or Disposable Jock #2 tell them I'm looking for them. I just saw Disposable Jock #3 (whom the first two Disposable Jocks don't like) flirting with Disposable Girl #2 even though he's dating Disposable Girl #1."" (I'm calling them Disposable as I'm too lazy to come up with a name as they aren't too relevant to the story). I think I'm just going to ghost him when school rolls around as I'm sick of his shit. Am I the asshole fir wanting to do so?"
1355,"AITA for refusing to make photo-copies for a coworker after my shift was over ? Ok so i'm working a summer job at a bank, I do administrative stuff and generally help out wherever I can. So after my shift was over today i'm walking out of the bank and my coworker rushes up to me to ask me to make photo-copies of a big stack of documents, I normally would have said yes but i'd had a long day and I was just on my way out. Knowing full well that the photocopies would have taken me an extra 10 to 15 minutes to do after my shift is done. I don't get paid overtime and from a legal standpoint in my country my employer can't force me to work past my normal 9 to 5 without paying me overtime. At this point i'm just tired and wanted to go home. I initially said no and she gave me a harsh look kind of like 'are you fucking kidding me?' so I took the documents and went to the photo-copier. I did however mutter under my breath ""well now i'm going to miss my train"" and she heard it. She came up to me and took them out of my hands and said that we're not going to get into a fight over this. At this point I was like 'alright' and just left and went home. Am I the asshole reddit ?"
1356,"AITA for being late because someone had a birthday event at yoga While my boyfriend and I were walking to drop me off at my yoga class we made plans to meet right after it (he said if he feels well). After yoga ended one of the girls in my class brought out cake so I told my boyfriend I'd be a little late and to not head out yet. He seemed alright with this. After a little bit I told him I'd be heading out soon. The girl brought out more stuff for us so it took us a bit longer. 20 minutes later he messages me to ask if I've headed out yet. I told him no and that I'd head out soon. About 30 minutes later it was over and I told him I headed out. He didn't respond or see the message so I walked 5 minutes to his place and sent him another one. I told him I was there, and he asked what for because we didn't really confirm it. He told me he was tired and annoyed that I was over an hour late so he didn't feel well enough to go. We fought a bit, I told him to fuck off, and he's been ignoring that message for 30 minutes now."
1357,"AITA for being offended by my BIL refusing a favor? I asked my BIL, who does not own an e-reader, to create an account at the municipal library for me to get access to ebooks. That service is absolutely free. The reason I asked him is that I am banned from using it for having had too many books returned late a few years ago, so they blocked my access. There's absolutely no risk of that with ebooks as they simply are not accessible after 28 days, and you don't need to return them. This access is only for ebooks, I'd still need an ID to physically take books from the library so could not abuse it. He refused, claiming he was not comfortable giving me his information. I know I am not entitled to such a favor, but I am hurt, for lack of a better word, by what I consider to be a lack of trust. I am also surprised since we get along well, and I like to think I help them (him and my sister) quite a bit (baby-sitting, taking their kids on holiday)."
1358,"AITA for wanting to remove a large amount of family members from my Facebook and/or life? *Note: I haven't done anything yet, and kind of looking for advice as well. Mods please let me know if I should post this in r/Advice instead.* Backstory: So my mom's side of the family is pretty huge, and pretty religious. I have 8 uncles and aunts, and then comes 30 something cousins. I've never been extremely close with most of this side of the family; I hated going to family gatherings (almost always at my rich doctor uncle's house), and the family would rarely come visit us at our house, one state away, even though we had plenty of room for everyone (2 acres of land with a sizeable 3-level house, can't remember exact sq. footage). So yeah - we'd always have to plan to go about 2 hours away (if I remember correctly) and spend the day there. Not much to do except socialize with cousins, whom I felt were all very much like their parents. Like I said, I was never really close with them and I didn't quite fit in with the family model - religion, college, money, family, kids, etc. The main ones being religion and college I would say, they would always ask about it and I would tell them honestly I had no interest in either. Eventually, I wound up working in the medical cannabis field which really separated me from that side, specifically because that uncle is a doctor and was completely against it. So much so that he was unwilling to let my dying grandma try using it to treat her illness. I have been receiving wedding invites of my cousins, none of whom ever ask me for my address or mention the wedding; I'm assuming they'd ask my mom who would give them my current address and I'd have a wedding invitation waiting for me one day after work. I'd always decline. Anyway, hope that's enough to give you all an idea. What I'm wondering is if it's okay for me to basically remove them from my Facebook and any other social media... possibly removing them from my life? I never felt like many of them were ever there for me or cared about what I was doing or interested in. It was just the whole ""family"" aspect of it. Sure, I never took too much of an interest in their lives but I feel like I was fairly honest about how I felt on that regard. I'm not into marriage, religion, college, etc. I know my mom knows how I feel about this, and I think she understands. Am I an asshole for feeling this way? Let me know if any additional information would help. Any criticism, comments, advice are very welcome. Thanks!"
1359,"AITA for asking my roommate to reschedule his vacation. Long story short, I live in a 3 bd house with two roommates. Next weekend we have been planning on moving out various large items/cleaning the house/ doing the landscaping before we move out in order to collect our full deposit. Yesterday one of my roommates said he would be out of town for the weekend (vacation with his girlfriend that was planned after we said we are doing the work weekend) and that when he gets back he'll help out. However, he will only have one day to do it and now it's up to me to find a ""fair"" way to distribute the work, which I think is bullshit. It's a large house, so altogether it's probably 2 full days of work and now on top of that I have to play construction foreman and make sure there's something left for him to do. On its own, this wouldn't bother me that much. But, and this is a big but, THIS IS THE SECOND YEAR IN A ROW HE HAS DONE THIS! Last year we had the same arrangement, and he went out of town for a week and didn't help at all. I want to tell him this is bullshit and that he shouldn't be leaving again but he is known to be over sensitive and react poorly to criticism of any kind and I don't want to rock the boat before the three of us live together for another year. AITA for expecting my roommate to reschedule his vacation to help us this weekend? Or is it fine for me to figure out a way to split the work?"
1360,"AITA for asking someone to provide evidence? I posted a [gif] in HMB and I assumed it was a great white. Someone said it was a hammerhead, so I thought I'd be funny and [post it] in r/nothingeverhappens. That leads to [this conversation.] Am I the asshole for asking for evidence? (Also, because no one would give me a link to the show when I asked them, I went and found the clip itself, uploaded it to youtube, proving myself wrong. [Here is the comment with the clip.]"
1361,"AITA For confronting my partners boss? So my girlfriend has been working at this new place for 7 months, and at first she really like it, but after a few months the work load increased. She was only contracted for 18 hours part time work a week (as she is a student), but is frequently being kept two hours after work to do things she is neither trained, nor contracted for, and often ends up working a 26+ hour a week. He sometimes brings her in on Sundays, and after her day at uni has finished on Tuesday, Thursday and Friday. She doesn't always get paid for these extra hours either, and he keeps no records she was there on those days. This might be acceptable if she wasn't also a part time student. To top it off, she has been complaining for the last 3 months or so that her boss is constantly on her case. That he expects more from her than anyone else, and refuses to let her take holidays (that she is legally and contractually entitled too) on the days she wants,and instead just gives her them on random days, when she doesn't want them. After the 100th complaint about him at dinner, I had enough, and called him up. My GF knew I was going to do it. My intention was to get him to relent, but I was more than willing to follow through on my threat (see below), as I am financially capable of supporting her for a few months while she gets a new job. After the usual introductions and why I'm calling, it went a little like this. I (OP), will be 'M'. My GF will be 'GF' and her boss will be 'B'. M: My girlfriend has been coming home late every evening, she's tired, and when she gets home, she still has two-three hours of studying to work through, and you keep her late every day. She's not allowed to say no, but I can say no. She's not doing that anymore. She's going in on the contracting hours, and leaving on her contracted hours. 18 hours a week. 3 days a week. Monday, Wednesday and Saturday. She won't be coming in on Sundays. She won't come in for 'a few hours' after Uni. B: You don't have any right to speak to me like that. She will work when I say she works. M: No. She won't. She will work what her contract says she works. If you want her to work different hours, draft a new contract, which says she will be paid for these hours, and stipulating her new role with these new duties, resulting in better pay. Otherwise she won't be coming in at all. And I will speak to you however I want. B: Then she won't have a job. M: Then you won't have a slave to boss around all day with no credit. And I'll be calling the Department for Work and Pensions and telling them of your business practices, if she suffers any"
1362,"AITA - For being mad my truck got rear ended towing a family members stalled truck? This family member's old beat up truck stalled out halfway up our street, so he (his mom actually) called asking if they could use my truck to tow it back. I say yes, and as we're on our way back we come over a little hill and I'm expecting him to brake, but instead I hear the crunch and scratching of all of his scrap metal hanging out of his bed hitting my tailgate. Little did any of us but him know, the brakes on this old beat up truck didn't work (how he expected to drive it wherever he was going I have no idea), and he didn't think it was important information for me to know towing it. We stopped and I confronted him about it, and he got mad at me like it was my fault it happened. Anyway, now he and his mom both act like I'm in the wrong for being pissed about it like he's the victim."
1363,"AITA - For asking my boyfriend to stop watching TV? I was in the middle of cooking dinner and I asked my boyfriend to set the salad stuff out. I was running around the kitchen like crazy but he was paused and completely mesmerized by the TV my dad was watching in the living room. My boyfriend's worst quality is that when a screen is on he MUST watch it, despite if it's halfway through a movie he doesn't know, a shitty sitcom, or even a dumb commercial. There have been multiple dates in the past where we've gone to restaurants with TVs and I have been ignored the entire meal because he's too caught up and can't look away. Even if it's sports (which he doesn't like) or a Spanish sitcom (he doesn't speak Spanish) anything on a screen will distract him. So I'm trying to cook dinner and get stuff done and he's just paused standing there watching a stupid show. I asked him (snappily, I will admit I was very frustrated because of multiple things at that moment) to please stop watching TV and set the stuff up (it was in his hands) and he yelled at me that I was being controlling. Now we're arguing about it again for the millionth time and his excuse is he didn't grow up in a house where the TV was always playing and he had to sneak out of his room to watch it whereas the TV is always on here and I had my own TV since I was little. I can ignore it easily but he can't. He also doesn't want to try to change it. He seriously gets mesmerized and zones out completely and I really, really wish he could stop."
1364,"AITA since I skated out on the bill with coworkers. Before I get destroyed by all the waiters/waitresses on Reddit I acknowledge i am the asshole. BUT let me tell the situation and let me know to what degree of assholery I have achieved. So I went out with some coworkers to a restaurant that's open til 2 am. We arrived and the whole party of 11 was seated by 1230. So it's not like we were egregiously late. When we get there the waiter was very kind and cool and said to hold on he forget his pad but he was gonna take out drink order. He was back quickly and we begin ordering drinks. I don't drink but several of my friends ordered some beers and I ordered a coke. It wasn't til after they ordered a specific beer that he mentions they are 1 dollar. Well obviously everyone (except me) changed their order to 1 dollar beers. We also asked for menus and utensils because no one brought them. He returns timely with the drinks and the menus and all was swell. By this time it was about 1240. After maybe 10 minutes he comes back and they order a second round of drinks. Again he brings them out, not as fast as before but not a huge deal. He mentions that they are running out of glasses which is fine we were totally understanding and in no rush. I mention to run me 1 more coke when he can. I still had Hal a glass so I wasn't in a rush. As he brings the second round we are also ready to order, which we do. A mix of entrees and appetizers and we pretty much let him know to keep the beers coming. There was no mention of the kitchen closing or last call...I'm sure you can see where this was going. At this time it was around 100. At about 130 we were getting fairly annoyed because he hasn't brought out the third round of drinks. Right as we were talking about it he comes with the round. Great 👍🏽 we let him know just keep them coming. After this a manager comes out to our table. She says that she has bad news. X appetizer is not available so choose something else. Also the kitchen is closed so we can only make fried foods. Uhhhhhh ok no biggie we only orders a couple of those so we just get wings. She adds, oh one more thing Y entree is not available. Wtf. This was only my reaction because Not only did I order appetizer X but I was also the only person who ordered entree Y. I am not a rude person at restaurant I usually just accept whatever I get no matter what so I just said ok let me have a menu. Once I get the menu the waiter leaves. I look at my friends and I'm like fuuuccckk. How the hell am I suppose to know what is fried and what isn't."
1365,"AITA for wanting 4 days off at work? I requested four days off of work, months in advance. It wasn't for any good reason, I got tickets to go to SDCC with a friend. I work in fast food and we're always short handed, but that's by design. There's a stack of applications on the desk but the RGM and the supervisor would rather hire very few people and force everyone else to work the jobs of three people so their bonus at the end of the year is bigger. I've also never called out sick before, and the only other time I requested days off was two days when I was part time and I put them in months in advance. Now, I've worked at this store for nearly a year. It was my first job, and I started out part time. However, I was quickly made full time, and I'm the only full time non manager in the store. Many of the managers have complimented my work ethic. That's not even me tooting my own horn, most of the people we hire do the bare minimum, call out constantly, then finally quit a few months later. When my manager told me that she probably wouldn't be able to give me my days off I started telling my coworkers that I was searching for another job and would quit if I didn't get them. I didn't tell her directly, but because fast food is barely a step up from high school in that everyone lives on gossip and drama, I knew she would hear it one way or another. It should also be mentioned that this wasn't a hollow threat, either. I felt entitled to these days. I put in applications elsewhere and brought a letter of resignation with me on the day the schedule came out. This wasn't just over comic con, either, it was a culmination of fast food being a soul sucking hell, shitty managers unwilling to spend money to fix anything (we almost got closed down during our last corporate visit because so many of our machines were broken. They put in no uncertain terms that the reason our score was so low was because of how much shit was broken, but the supervisor bitched at all the employees who did everything right nonetheless), and just a generally shitty work environment. But me not getting those days off would have been the straw that broke the camels back. Anywho, I know I turned into a bit of a prick at the threat of not getting my days off, but as one of the hardest working people in that store I feel like I deserved a little break. Now that it's over and done with I feel kind of bad for how things played out (not for going to comic con, I had a blast), but it's really not my fault that they fucked themselves over by hiring only a few people and placing a ton of responsibility on minimum wage employees."
1366,AITA for asking a simple question? https://imgur.com/gallery/vUiUb
1367,"AITA for wanting a lot of time mostly alone (partially with mother) instead of with my dad for the time being? I'm an 18 year old guy and just got out of high school. My mother and father are divorced and my father is remarried. They live a median ~30 mins away. Since middle school my relationship with my dad has been rocky at best. He's always had a prescription drug issue but in middle school it got very bad. It was alcohol and as a whole it was the main factor that decide whether or not we'd be interacting properly. It stopped and resumed in 8th grade to the beginning of 9th where one night it was so bad that we ended up in a fistfight. School has always been rough for me and high school wasn't different. I went through all the normal teenager stuff, some bad some not so bad, but it wasn't helped along by the bad relationship. The mid to end of this school year was particularly bad, because we had an argument so big that I didn't say a word to him for a few months. It was a long time coming, him constantly playing mind games with me about parental authority and every time I said something he had to blow it into an hour long argument) The guilt mentally murdered me, but after I spoke to my youth pastor (I'm Christian, as is my family, but I have some very different beliefs that have created rifts between me and him even more) I pretty much settled on me not being the asshole. My mental health increased drastically. As an added note: He's almost never held a consistent job since the end of 5th grade and it's been a huge crippling effect on his and my stepmother's financials. My stepmother eventually manipulated me enough to talk to him and do a duct tape patch job on things between me and him. I regret doing that now. Now that school is over I need some me time and see my mother. A lot of it. I almost never had any time to myself outside of the summers. I took a break until I go back to college where I can just have the time off. I spend a lot of it reading, writing, playing music, and playing videogames. I'm living with my mother primarily now and it's been way better over here for me because the dynamic is a lot more peaceful. When I live with my father and stepmother it just doesn't feel natural and I'm mentally exhausted after I leave. Since I've spent most of my time here for a while my father, and less so my stepmother, has made it his mission to guilt trip me as much as he possibly can, and it's gone from making me feel bad to straight up making me angry every time I see the text notification on my phone regardless of who sent it. Every time I find myself making an excuse as to why I"
1368,"AITA for wanting space? My best friend has been very clingy lately, and it's starting to get on my nerves. It made sense in the past, since I'd go hours away for school for months at a time. But I've graduated so I'm home for the long run now, and it's getting very tiring to be expected to hang out with her every day. It doesn't help that our conversations have been quite one-sided lately. She would bring up something about me that isn't true and then become defensive when I tell her that it isn't true. Then after I try to change the subject, she often begins lecturing me about my future even though I'm going down a pretty decent road. Almost nothing positive is said during our conversations anymore, and I don't like where our friendship is going. Am I the asshole for wanting space from my best friend?"
1369,"AITA for running a tight ship in my house? We just had a baby, and the grandmas have been coming over to help with babysitting and a few household chores while mother and I go to work. We don't exactly have the tidiest house, but it's generally clean. We don't keep any dirty dishes or anything out, our house is just a little undersized and cluttered with bills, baby stuff, and objects. When my Mother-in-law comes over, she tends do make little adjustments, move things around, and clean things that I don't think necessarily need to be cleaned. A few examples: We have a cat that eats plastic, and we tend to keep him locked out of rooms that have the potential for him to eat something. The bathroom is one example, and as a rule we keep the door closed. I came home from work, and although I had new towels and things were tidied up, the door was left open. Our downstairs has a dehumidifier that is set by me to take the humidity down to a manageable level(under 50%). Most days when I come home, it is cranked all the way up to max, and the room is 90 degrees because it's been running all day. I am the owner of the house, why would I not have it set properly? Things are generally moved around, and things like remote controls have been taken off the coffee table, and put into some random drawer. We always keep it on the coffee table. I'll often have things for work, that just disappear and end up put in a drawer. I appreciate that chores are getting done, but I kind of blew up at my wife when the cat ate a dryer sheet that on the floor of the bathroom that is supposed to be closed.. I suppose I am also a little insulted that she doesn't think our house is being taken care of, when actually it's a pretty typical looking house for a Gen Xer. Am I just a control freak that is overreacting, or is it ok to have boundaries, and get angry when they are passed? Edit(am I allowed to edit?): I would like to remark, that the term ""blowing up on her"" was probably a little more dramatic than what happened. It was more of a mutual back and forth fight, but I was the one that provided the topic of discussion. In fact, the way it happened was more like Me: ""The door upstairs was left open, and I think the cat ate some plastic."" Her: ""Why are you telling me, it wasn't my fault?"" Me: ""I'm not blaming you, I just wanted to let you know."" Her: ""But when you say it like that, it feels like you are blaming me."" Me: ""OMG, I'm not blaming you."" Her: ""See, like that."" Me: ""HOLY SHIT! I AM NOT BLAMING YOU!"" Her: ""SEE! NOW YOU'RE YELLING AT ME!"" Me: ""YOU'RE YELLING AT ME!"" Her: ""Well if you don't like how my mom cleans! Maybe you should"
1370,"AITA for being annoyed with my friend for not telling me she wasn't meeting me when she said she would? I feel like I'm taking crazy pills, because all my other friends say I'm overreacting when I sent her a message saying how she'd hurt me by cancelling our get togethers last minute and not telling me 3 times in a row. First and second times she had cancelled last minute because she was drunk but at least she told me. Third time she just didn't show up and I ended up calling her to find out she was at the beach with another friend. AITA here?"
1371,"AITA for offering my date to crash at my place if she wanted to? I started talking to this girl (we will call her Janice) a week ago, and we seem to hit it off on OKC’s chat. Janice’s profile seemed alright and I found her attractive, and we were both looking for something serious and long term. The two of us eventually decide that we can meet over the weekend on Sun afternoon. Janice lives 2 hours away from me at a smaller city (I am at one of the bigger cities in the states). So, I decide to make the trip to a public place close to her so we can meet for the very first time in person, because I have friends in a different city not so far away from her. And I was planning to crash at their place for the night since I got Monday off. We also decided early on to not share any personally identifiable info (like last names, phone #s etc.). If we met at a public place at a specified time, it wouldn’t be that difficult to find each other since we know how either of us look like. And OKC’s app can be backup in case plans change last second. I always do that if I am meeting someone new through the interwebs/darkweb, and don’t share those details if both of us are happy with doing so until after the first meet/date. Ff to last evening, we were chatting and somehow, we end up low-key sexting. We both gave in and did so for a good hour or so, it was hot, and I hate doing so with strangers, but my knees can only take so much. This morning though, Janice starts telling me that she can’t wait till Sun, and clears up Sat (which she was spending with one her friends). I cannot drive over on Sat because I had other errands. Janice is OK with driving over to my city on Sat and that seemed like an OK compromise. But turns out she gets super-anxious driving in big cities with traffic. The thing is most public places are in the heart of the city. Janice suggests if she could drive up to my place and if we could then drive down to the city or take an Uber together. I initially say no, but later end up going along with (even though I hated it). After some time, Janice starts complaining about how she has to drive 4 hours to meet me, and that she wished she had family/friends in the city I live in so she could stay over for the weekend, and that she’d be spending all weekend on the road. And kept doing that every time I tried to talk about something else. I do night shifts, and this really was cutting through my skin of patience, so I tell her that if our date goes well, she’d be more than welcome to crash at my place for the night or the weekend depending on her"
1372,"AITA for not wanting my newborn nephew around? So my SIL is about to pop, due any day now. My father's 50th birthday is in 2 weeks, and my fiancé and I will be taking a trip down to celebrate A WEEK BEFORE (keep this in mind it's important). This trip is to a halfway point about 3 hours from where we live, it's a small 2 bedroom hunting cabin that I spent my summers in. There's no cable or WiFi, no cell signal, just you and nature. The cabin is significant to my father and I so we chose there to meet up. Now. My SIL Mary has been voicing that she wants to go too, which means bringing the baby. While I understand that Baby will be my dad and step mom's first grand kid, I have no desire to be stuck around a screaming infant for 4 days with no relief. Mary and my step brother live within an hour of my parents, they're over there all the time. I kind of want 1 on 1 time with my dad before we move across the country at the end of the month. Further, my fiancé is not experienced around children, and currently has a low tolerance due to his stress at work. And my step brothers and SIL will be going to the actual birthday party on Dads birthday. AITA for not wanting a weeks-old baby at a small birthday celebration?"
1373,"AITA for throwing out my dad's ice cream? Backstory, in the last 2-3 years, my dad has had 2 heart attacks, lymphoma (in remission now), and he's diabetic. Once a week, I go to his house to mow the lawn because he can't do it anymore. So last yesterday I went to mow the lawn and he wasn't there. I looked in his freezer to find [this] That's not even to mention all the pies and pastries and other shit that was in there. So, like I said in the title, I threw it all away. He obviously wasn't too happy about that, and still won't talk to me. I know it was kind of a dick move but I feel like it was necessary. So am I the asshole?"
1374,"AITA for questioning my ex for just ""not loving me anymore""? I don't really know how to say this, but I have been through a lot of things involving evil women in my childhood and growing up. My first relationship went pretty badly, as this girl went from constantly thinking about me to flat out telling me that she just wants to be alone and that she doesn't love me anymore. I feel like this happened around the time when I was going through some problems due to my past, I was really questioning some things she was doing, and I told her that I am not gonna be guilt tripped for having feelings. This relationship has really messed up a lot for me over the past few years, I just want some insight into who messed this up. Right when I tried to stop sacrificing so much for her, she started noticing my flaws, and it feels like she is just gonna keep looking for perfection that she will never find. She says she wants to be alone, am I a bad person for believing that she expected herself to be supported all the time, without having to do anything for me. I feel like she does not want to do anything to help me, she realized just how much things I have suffered, and I helped her out of such a dark place in her life. Now all of a sudden, I'm not good enough? I thought you were supposed to love people through the good and bad times, apparently she wants everything to be great 100% of the time. If anyone wants any clarification, just ask and I will describe what happened in more detail."
1375,"AITA for being unthinkingly blunt about a recent friend's possible eating disorder? Okay so this was a few months ago but I think about it every now and then and it bugs me. I was working as a hostess in a small restaurant and we had a new, young waitress come in. Our restaurant wasn't usually busy so the servers ended up hanging out at my stand a lot. This new girl, let's call her Kayla, seemed nice enough from the limited time I had with her but with an issue. She would constantly talk about food and her weight (she wasn't fat, just a generically curvy latina) but she constantly brought herself down. I am in recovery from an eating disorder i had in middle school and this was sending up red flags. After repeatedly mentioning calories or whatnot in an unhealthy way I basically said ""look, you're speaking a lot like you have an eating disorder or at least developing one and that sounds like it would be a good thing to talk to someone about, but you're making me a bit uncomfortable as someone in recovery myself. If you don't, I'm sorry but this feels really close to that line."" I said all this when we were alone. Her response was essentially that she didn't feel comfortable discussing that with an almost stranger and that she's fine and told me to mind my own bussiness. She mostly stopped speaking to me unless necessary and I apologized for being so blunt while she was acting like this. She quit the job a few days later for unrelated reasons so I couldn't find her even if I wanted to. Am I the asshole for confronting her this way?"
1376,"AITA for leaving when my cousins did their secret santa that they excluded me from at Christmas? So a while back in December my cousins, except for me, all staged a secret santa. I found out about this from a cousin I talk to, Alex, and that it was planned from a cousin I don't talk to, named Tracy. Tracy said that she didn't know how to contact me, which I know wasn't true, since my sister was invited, who I live with. We also have each other's phone numbers. She gave me a Starbucks gift card with the same amount as their price limit (I don't drink coffee, but she couldn't have known that). I didn't want to just sit there and watch them all have fun, so I left the room, leaving the gift card on the floor. No one really said anything to me after and just sort of moved on. I know it was petty to leave, and she had no obligation to invite me. But I just felt so...unhappy with all of it, like they don't care about me. I felt bad about acting entitled but I couldn't help it. It just got to me. Was I wrong? Was I just being whiny?"
1377,"AITA for being upset at my mother when she accidently leaves hair in my food. Sounds ridiculous, I know. But it keeps happening i'm sure it is unintentional. Everytime I tell her that there is hair in the food she makes, she gets extremely angry and says I should be cooking my own food. I am 15 years old. Am I the asshole here?"
1378,"AITA For not showing up to work after telling them I'm sick? Today I woke up at 5 a.m. with my mouth feeling watery so I quickly rushed to the bathroom and once there I continued to vomit for a couple of minutes. Figured I'd let me boss know in case it gets any worse so I sent her a text saying ""Hey A, I just threw up and I'm sure I'll feel better once I have to come into work, I'll let you know if anything else happens."" A couple of hours later I wake up again at 8 and 9 a.m. to throw up some more so I decided to text her telling her that I have thrown up more and wouldn't be coming into work today. (My shift starts at 11) Which I woke up to her texts telling me that ""Actually you've had 5 days off in a row so you texting me this morning it's kinda last minute."" Then she proceeded to call me which I answered and she starting going on a tangent on how other employees are sick all the time yet they choose to come to which I responded: ""that shouldn't be happening, we serve food."" She eventually told me to ""Feel better"" in the most fuck you voice ever and I went back to sleep. Edit: Just got a text saying ""Due to the fact you are completely unreliable I took you off the rest of your days with business name. Please come and get your check this Friday. (This Friday was my last day due to starting at a new company with a significantly higher paycheck, I also have never missed a day of work or called in sick while working there for over a year). Update: Sent her this text. ""Employees just call their immediate supervisor 2 hours before you are scheduled to work if you will not be in or will be late for work."" I gave you a 6 hours notice. Rule #3. Creating or contributing to unsanitary conditions on Company premises. Rule #8. Disregard of safety rules and common safety practices. Rule #35. Violation of any safety regulation, including sanitation food safety regulations. 228.42 (b) Discharges from the Eyes, nose, and mouth. Food employees experiencing persistent sneezing, coughing, or a runny nose or consistent discharge may not work with exposed food; clean equipment, utensils, and linens; or unwrapped single service or single use articles. - Texas Food Establishment Rules ""Go home and return after at least 24 hours have passed since vomiting"" - FDA. I understand that you think I'm completely unreliable but you demanding I come into work regardless of me throwing up breaks multiple counts of the employee handbook that I signed. I hope in the future you don't treat future employees like this."
1379,"AITA for snapping at my friend? Hi reddit, I have a friend who I've known for many years and have worked with in the past. I think he's a really great person but occasionally he'll insult my work ethic, which really bothers me. In the past he's called me lazy for taking time off when I'm sick, and once even told me that it wasn't my choice to work more hours when I got a second job, even though it of course was. Recently I've been running a pen and paper game (Dungeons and Dragons essentially) in which he is a player. He had recently posted porn in the chat, so I spammed a message to get the porn off the screen, in case I opened the chat while at work. I then messaged the chat to let everyone know we had to reschedule (for unrelated reasons), and went to work. I work at a public library in the computer labs, and sometimes it becomes very slow. During these times I browse the internet (which my supervisor is fine with). So, I opened our group chat to find an argument underway. Apparently my friend had been spamming porn as a joke. When my other two players asked him to stop since it might get me in trouble at work, he continued and kept saying I shouldn't be on the internet at work anyways so he was doing me a favor. My other players told him white collar work can occasionally be slow and being on the internet would be fine, to which he then started arguing that my position should be merged with another to keep me working and that the rules weren't strict enough where I work. Usually I could maybe see that he was joking, but he typing in all caps and he only does that when he's angry. I kind of lost it a bit, and sent this message: ""Because the computer labs I work at are in a basement, away from most other departments. We need to be able to help patrons at a moments notice, so most work we do is related to the computer lab in some respect. Posters, powerpoints, the minecraft server etc. However, I was particularly productive and have little to do at the moment. So, while I wait for patrons, I thought I'd use this free time to log on discord and let people know about the time change. Thank you for sending porn in an attempt to get me at trouble at work though, that truly made me see your side of things and respect your opinion. I keep forgetting how superior your work effort is, and that I should be constantly striving to be more like you. I am really so sorry."" He left the chat after this, and I apologized in private and in the chat for my out burst. He did apologize in private, but it was filled with excuses saying he was stressed etc. I forgave him, but it's still been bothering me since my work ethic has"
1380,"AITA for getting my colleagues to do my grocery shop? So i work for a large corporate supermarket and next week the store i work at is kicking off ""click and collect"" which is where you shop online and pick up your stuff at the arranged time. So as you have probably figured out by now i want to do my weekly shop online. Have my collegues gather it all up for me while iwork and pick it up as i walk out after my shift. I know the people who will be doing this particular job and i know they will be absolutely filthy when they find out but here is a bit about me and why i want to do this. You tell me if i'm an asshole for even considering it I work 38hrs tuesday to saturday at said grocery store and i also do work experience for an electrician all day every monday. Which leaves me with sunday as my only day off. I wake up at 5am during the working week to go to gym before starting work, play touch footy on monday nights and ultimate frisbee wednesday nights. I am in a relationship and between both our jobs/sporting commitments we don't get to spend much quality time together but we make the most with what we get. Basically i feel like i live a pretty busy life and if i can knock grocery shopping off my list of shit to do: sign me up. And if my coworkers Are so mad about it they should online shop and collect their groceries while on the clock."
1381,"AITA for telling my ex-GF/to not tell me if she's going to kill herself? (NSFW) So, some backstory. I'm 15 and she's also 15. We dated over a year. During the year, something felt off with her. She would always ask people if she had guns to kill herself, spam my Facebook inbox with group chats. She stalked her 5th grade teacher, and has pictures of her newborn baby. And pictures of her bedroom. She's basically documented my teacher's whole life. During the time where we had sex together, she always hinted that she wanted a baby and is SUPER obsessed with my semen. She would love to play with it. She claims to be depressed, but refuses to progress her life in any way. She WILL not go to school, and refused any form of therapy. She's basically a 8th grade dropout. Heck, she even slammed her body into a fish tank so her grandma was forced to get her stitches instead of school. So, a while after i broke up, my friend sent me [this] ( http://i.imgur.com/iFhPcw3.png) and asked if she was okay. Now, my ex is the one in the middle saying ""TBH, i wish i would've killed myself last night through"". Note that the person she's replying to is her friend who my friend claims she's a horrible friend but still hangs out with her. So after my other friend asked if she was okay, my ex told me she was going to kill herself.(ALL my friends and my parents, and their friends all warned me to GTFO and that she's doing this for attention BTW) Now i don't take that threat lightly and i ask her for address. I have it, but i wanted to make sure as i don't want to send them to the wrong address. So, once she realizes i'm going to call her bluff(At this point, i feel that she's lying for attention but I've kept my mouth shout) and calls our homephone faster then i can call 911. My dad picks up, and she casually asked him to give me the phone. So, now we are arguing and she's telling me NOT to go through with this and how she's saying that she will be kicked out and her grandma(She's raising my ex as her mom is a drug addict and daddy's in prison) will berate her for it. Now, i'm RBN. (My parents are narcissistic) I can see abuse from a mile away. I've met her grandma, and she is NOT a person who would do such. I even asked her if i could move in.(She couldn't). So, i've had enough. I already have my issues, including depression so i can no longer emotionally support her. She is a drain on me. So, i tell her. (""Do NOT tell me if you will do this. You know how i will react."") I couldn't deal with it anymore. And guess what? She's still alive, proving exactly what EVERYBODY else said. So, Reddit AITA?"
1382,"AITA for telling my friend that I would leave his meetup event early to go to another event with another friend? My friend [""Tom"") hosts a Meetup group that I am a member of. He hosts events several times a month. Over the summer he has organized multiple beach meetups. Several weeks back I RSVP'd for one that was scheduled for today. Keep in mind that these meetups are very informal, just a chance for random people in our group to meet new people. Since then, I met a new friend (""Mark"") outside of the group. There is a big festival in our city this weekend, and we decided to go to it at some point during the day. The festival was the same day as the beach trip. Yesterday, Tom and I went out together and did some things, one of which included going to the beach with another group of friends. During our time together, Tom mentioned that he wasn't really feeling like doing the meetup event and thought about cancelling it. We also talked about the festival, and I mentioned that I was planning to go there today with Mark. I even told Tom that he could come along with us if he wanted. This morning, Tom texted me and asked if I wanted to meet up at his place before we went to the beach. Now when I text, I have a tendency to ""think out loud"" and text out my thought process behind my messages instead of just sending the message. So I responded to Tom that I will meet with him, but I'm also still trying to figure out the time frame of meeting with Mark. I said that I might stay for an hour or so at the beach, and then leave the event to get ready to go meet Mark and go to the festival. I never expected Tom to get so upset over this. At first he said that it's okay if I don't want to come (which I never said, I simply told him that I probably wouldn't stay for more than a hour or so. These events usually last 4-5 hours and include going out to eat afterwards, and I didn't want to stay out for that long). Then he told me that I was being flaky by not coming. Then he said that I was trying to get out of going to the beach by using the trip with Mark as an excuse. At this point I was starting to get a bit defensive at Tom's tone. I tried to explain my perspective without saying anything that could offend Tom - telling him that I wasn't trying to be flaky, I was simply telling him that I would probably only stay for a little while so I would have time to go to the once-a-year festival. I genuinely didn't think it would be a big deal - it's not like our plans were a commitment between just Tom and me, the beach trip was a public gathering with dozens of"
1383,"AITA for not wanting to visit my ex on a work night when we're trying to work things out? Sorry if this is posted twice. The first time I tried to post it it was removed. As far as age and gender, I am a 25M and my ex is a 25F. We actually have the exact same birthdate. Ok so here's the story. My ex and I dated for 5 years on and off from 2011-2016. It was a bit of a rollercoaster and there were a lot of ups and downs. From 2011-2012 we dated in person, but from 2012-2016 we were long distance. There was also the issue of my family not liking her, and the fact that from 2011-2013 I was struggling with a mental illness. And even when I recovered from the worst parts of this mental illness, I was still in college and could only work on weekends to save up money to see her, so we didn't see each other very often. We live about 3 hours away from each other. Whenever I needed her to make a sacrifice or be there for me though, she was. I often did not reciprocate this, however. Last June I broke up with her because I could see she was miserable and I felt like we needed some space from each other. We stopped talking for a couple months. Last August we started talking again and had been in kind of a limbo state where we were talking but not seeing each other up until today, where she said she needed to cut off contact with me until further notice and possibly for good. I made it clear to her that I could not handle a relationship this past year while I was finishing up my degree, and told her that she was free to back out at anytime. But in May I got my degree and a job right out of college in my field, and one of my first thoughts was that perhaps we could finally begin rebuilding our relationship into a healthier one where we get to see each other more often, perhaps twice a month. I booked a hotel room for today and the plan was to visit her. She goes on a beach trip in the end of July and when she comes back she decides she's not sure she wants to see me. She asked me to give her until 8/7 to think about it. I told her that was fine. She went back and forth a couple times, but she finally asked me to instead of come visit her this weekend to come down after work on Monday 8/7 and meet her at a bar at 8PM. I told her I could not do this on a work night and that I thought it would be an irresponsible decision considering there was no reason we couldn't schedule the visit for this weekend. I offered a compromise, saying that if she likes grabbing drinks after work perhaps I could come down this"
1384,"AITA for calling roommate a sexist pig in front of his 15 yr old daughter? AITA for calling my roommate a sexist? He only sexually harassed me last weekend and DEMANDED sex and at the time not only was I experiencing an urgent medical matter, he wouldn't take no for an answer. He followed me around exposing himself and trying to get his hands down my pants. I continued to say no. And when I closed my bedroom door he would walk right in. I have no lock on my door while he does on his and his daughter's doors."
1385,"AITA for speaking the truth in how I felt and acting as confident as possible? (Kinda long) Sorry for the shitty punctuation and spelling in advance. A little backstory, I'm a young adult who thinks they know everything with 2 younger brothers a mom and a dad. This evening I went out to dinner with them and throughout the car ride I was noticing my mom would get very emotional for reasons I am unsure of. My middle brother who is fresh out of high school would get very triggered at small things I would say. Example my youngest brother and I do not have an interest in watching the show death note. My middle brother keeps pressuring us to watch it and when we say we don't want to he thinks that we think that it is ""too gay"" or ""anime is for losers"". Quite the contrary it seems like a cool show but we just don't want to get into it. I finally called him out on his flawed logic and he got very defensive and emotional on which I called him out on further. Later at dinner my family seemed to be judging me based on my interactions with them and the waitress, I was looking at the menu for craft beers and had 2 questions for the waitress, when I asked I asked in what I perceived as a confident projecting voice (although I did stumble over my words a bit which is important) after she left my middle brother made a comment on how I stumble over my words because the waitress was hot. This did not offend me, however I told him in again what I perceived as a confident projecting voice that I really didn't care that I stumbled over my words and that I didn't care that I sent the waitress to ask the bartender the questions I asked her. My dad then stepped in and made the point that I do talk loud (I be sure I talk loud and direct to 1. Be more confident in my everyday life 2. To make sure I am not overheard) I made my dad aware of this and he furthered the point that I was ""just being an asshole"" my mother agreed with him and I do not know why. Side note: I generally try to be a funny type of guy so I tend to act very outlandish/ unique while in public. My friends would tell you it works because I come off as confident. Kind of an explanation for the next part Anyway as we were leaving I walked with a bunch of what I call swagger with a tooth pick in my mouth out the door as my middle brother held it open and shot him a sup bro head bob as a joke, per the toothpick prop and goofy walking style, which further infuriated him. Later in the car ride back to my mom and dad's house my middle brother got very angry when he told me I was being an"
1386,"AITA I have cut off all communication with my in laws. My wife and I had a talk last night about my relationship with her family. She let me know that she accepts that I am dealing with it in my way but wishes I would change my behavior and thinks I am being an asshole. I had a difficult relationship with my in laws for years. About 3 years ago I cut off most contact with them. I did attend my wife's grandfather's funeral. I always liked him and my wife and kids asked me to go. My inlaws are invited to everything, birthdays, weddings, graduations, etc. I leave this stuff completely up to my wife. If they engage me in conversation I am polite but I do not linger and I never approach them. I do not involve myself with anything my wife or children do with my in laws but I encourage them to participate in everything they can. I always tell them that just because I don't get along with them doesn't mean they can't go have a good time. A little background. My wife's parents divorced forever ago and her father remarried a woman with two boys. I get along fine with her father and his wife, as well as his adult step kids and their families. We don't see them much because they live far away but I enjoy visiting them. My wife's mother never remarried and she raised my wife and her two sisters on her own. Because of this the family is very close. My mother in law is like a God to them. They do basically everything together so spending time with them involves all of them or nothing. They all live within a few miles of each other and spend a ton of time together. We live about 15 minutes away so it is easy to find the time to visit with them. The main problems we had over the years are few but in my opinion enough to warant my decision to severely limit contact. The first problem we ran into was food. Your probably asking yourself how is food a problem. My wife's family loves onions. I am allergic to onions. They put onions in just about everything. The family get togethers usually last all day and we eat several times. I made the mistake of asking if they could make a small portion without onions for me(they always insist on hosting). This deeply offended them and caused many fights. Then I decided to bring my own food. This was also offensive and caused problems because I was not gracious enough of their hospitality. Because they had never heard of anyone being allergic to onions they said it was all in my head and I could eat onions if I just got used to them. This became an ongoing problem for years that was never resolved. I would eat a big meal before we attended but after 6 to 8 hours I was hungry again with little to nothing available."
1387,"AITA for insulting my brother during a huge fight? I guess I'll give some context... My brother is 25 years old, and a high functioning autistic, meaning that while he was diagnosed with autism, it's mild compared to other cases and he can live a relatively normal life...if given proper education and a chance by other people. He had neither growing up. Our parents, particularly our mother, never gave him the help he needed and even now, they still infantilize him. We've also been victims of abuse, verbally and physically. Growing up, he was also bullied by classmates, and those who didn't mistreat him mostly avoided him out of fear. I've also suffered similar abuse. Both of us have had trouble making and keeping friendships throughout our lives. Still, we were close previously as we were each other's only ""friends"" along with our oldest brother who left home after getting married (our parents mistreated him and his wife so they aren't on speaking terms). This has changed earlier this year. My brother's become more aggressive and depressed than ever. In February, he assaulted me one night though I never told anyone else about it. He barely speaks to me or hangs around me, lashing out at me with insults if he feels pissy enough. Yesterday, we were up late watching TV. The last few weekends we'd just be quiet and ignore each other but I asked him why he's been so angry at me the last few months. My brother got angry, replying that it's because I am a ""despicable cunt"". I started to tear up at first but then after I let it stew in my head, I got angry at him too. I...told my brother that he was being pathetic, that he was nearly thirty and still refusing to grow up (I've offered to move out with him, for us to live together but he's refused). He told me that he couldn't because nobody wanted to be around him or give him a job and he could never lead a normal life. I probably should've been compassionate in that moment but I shot back, ""Well, the reason for that is that *you're* a despicable cunt."" My brother stormed off to his room, slamming the door. I'm feeling confused, and I honestly don't know if I'm the asshole here or not. I've tried to reach out to him, tried to give him space, and he's just been terrible to me these last few months. I get that he's going through tough shit right now, and I know he's depressed but he's been so insensitive and cruel to me even though he's been my only consistent company for the longest time. However, I'm not sure if I was justified in being so mean to him in the specific situation from yesterday. Am I the asshole?"
1388,"AITA for confronting my friend about passive-aggressively implying I'm not his friend on a public forum, and further implying it's because I'm a man? For a bit of context, I'm 19 and FtM, he's 23 and a cis guy. He was a friend of my girlfriend's first and has known her even longer than I have (I think like, five years?), but as of a few months back we started talking more frequently and became real solid friends. The primary catalyst for this was that he wanted to start running a D&D game, and I wound up doing a lot of work to help him with it and get it all set up. I joined as a player as well, but the game kinda imploded on itself early on for a few different reasons (I can give some details in the comments if y'all think it might give better context, I'm not really sure). After the game died, the frequency of us talking kinda dropped off a little. This wasn't a conscious attempt on my end to avoid him or anything, but on top of no longer having the game going on to talk about, I've also been really sick lately (I need to sleep crazy amounts at night and still take an extended nap partway through the day if I wanna be even remotely functional) on top of working my ass off trying to find a job. And it's not like he was trying to contact me and I was ignoring him; he wasn't messaging me either. So I just assumed things were still cool between us, just a bit slow. Well, recently he posted on a public forum (A public forum he's *fully aware* I'm also on and follow him with) talking about how he's living a life where he can only form meaningful relationships with women. He asked ""why are men like this?"" and went on to talk about how he *thought* he'd found a male friend, but that died, then continued, saying ""Idk, masculinity seems to just be all about being a shitty person"". So, that caught me *really* off-guard. I figured out pretty fast he was talking about me in regards to the dead friendship, and just felt so blindsided. I'm fully willing to believe I might be a little over-sensitive here because, being trans, my gender is admittedly something I'm a little predisposed to being more defensive about than I should be. So I tried to keep that in mind and slept on it, waiting a full day to try and cool off so I didn't act rashly. Well, a day later I was still really hurt and pissed off. I sent him a message saying that I saw his post and asking if I did something wrong. He just responded that it felt like since the game died, we hadn't been talking as much recently, which confirmed my thoughts on the post being about me. I told him that I'd still considered us to be friends, so seeing him say that out of nowhere was"
1389,"AITA for calling in sick to work? Yesterday I came into work after being off all weekend. I was starting to feel a bit under the weather, but I knew if it didn't get any worse I could still work. Well, it got worse. Woke up this morning being like garbage. It was an hour an a half before my shift started when I called my boss that I wasn't coming in. She was not happy. Here' the thing. I don't like calling off, I'd rather tell her I'm sick and let her decide just like every other job I've had. But with this job, I have to make the call. So I did. If it was a less strenuous job I wouldn't went in for a bit. Or, and this is the real kicker in my opinion, of my job wasn't in childcare I wouldn't have called off. I don't want to get any of the kids sick. That shit spreads like wildfire. We've been so over-staffed lately that at least one person's been getting sent home early every day anyways. I understand that we're on high alert right now (inspection season) and need to make sure we have enough staff for the amount of kids, but how would an inspector feel if an employee was clearly sick? I don't know. I don't want my boss to think I'm purposely trying to dick them over, but I've just never found it ok to go into work sick in any profession. Hell, a few years ago I was working fast food and had a cold. My boss refused to let me call off, and my nose was running so bad that snot was dripping all over the food line. Sorry. I just realized I'm sitting here heavily trying to defend my point. To defend my boss's, her and one of the co-owners were planning on going shopping for food for the kids today, so she wouldn't be in until later. If we had a full staff, that's no issue. But being short one person means they can't do their shopping. What do you guys think? UPDATE: I just found out via Facebook that my boss's dad is recovering from surgery and not doing as well as expected. I feel like I just added on to the stress of all that. I feel terrible."
1390,"AITA for being pissed and suspicious because my husband is subscribed to dirtykik and r4r subs and responded to a woman? Long and NSFW It's a long story and more complicated than I'd like. About a year ago, my husband (married 4 years) posted a raunchy (anonymous) photo of me to one of the gonewild (or tributeme?) subs. I was unsure about it, but he raved about the positive attention it'd get (he's also been into this whole cuckhold thing for a while now...). I was happy about the feedback, and a few months later, after feeling down about myself, I posted a few of my own from my own account. I sent him the links, but it was a solo operation. He got into it. I enjoyed it. Win win, right? Apparently, he started getting jealous, so he'd occasionally tell me he wasn't super thrilled about it, but then he'd bring it up in a positive way anytime we were intimate. He'd frequently ask me to read him the messages I would receive. When I rarely responded to messages, I'd generally just say Thank you. One night, I had a few drinks, took some pictures, and made the mistake of having a conversation with someone after he responded to my post. I uploaded a few more specific pictures that he requested. Never exchanged names, locations, pictures of my face, etc. Husband saw the pictures and ripped me a new one for having gotten personal at all. He says I cheated. I apologized for having taken it to a point that could be considered too far. I stopped posting photos. He keeps bringing this up in every argument, though. He asked me how I would feel if he did the same thing. I told him I honestly wouldn't care if it were still in the vein of anonymity. That's part of the process I like. I encouraged him to make his own account for that sort of thing if he wanted to. All he's done since then is talk shit about reddit, regardless of me not using it for anything past the usual reddit nonsense with my regular PG account. Then, I found out he's still using his account that he had never given me the name of. Then, I found out he's been using it on sexual subs, including commenting on other women's photos, telling them what he'd like to do to them, how he'd like to sleep with them, and so forth. That was surprising, but I figured I could let it slide. I felt like that went further than I had, with the exception of my drunken stupidity. But, then, I found out he was subscribed to r4r, dirtykik, and various other adult interaction subs, and that he had, about a month and a half ago, responded to a woman requesting, basically, a kik relationship. She apparently lives in our state, and he was asking where she lived. I really feel like this is way beyond anything I did asshole-wise. I made him aware of my actions. This was"
1391,"AITA for getting angry at my classmates for disrespecting our specimens? I'm at university studying environmental science. Today whilst in a Laboratory class we had small worm specimens (no nervous system, the length of a fingernail). We were told to carefully move the specimens to the middle of our dish and create a current with a pipette. I was doing this when I look over a couple of seats next to me to see two girls being very rough and disrespectful to the dish/specimen. I get up to see what they are doing (it's pretty common to just have a snoop at what everyone else is doing). They are a bit rude when I approached them, being quite cold. So I walk away back to my table as they continue to abuse the worm (I know they don't have a nervous system but they were being pretty disrespectful). So me being the loud mouth and stupid person that I am (also a bit angry from their cold reaction towards me) I called them ""retards who need to calm down and have more respect"" to my friends. Of course they heard me because I'm a loud mouth. I then see one of the girls look quite upset and they both kind of quiet down. I know it was completely wrong to call them 'retards' because that is just not okay to use. But was I wrong in thinking that they were being disrespectful? I in no way thought they were harming the worm because these guys can be chopped up into 50 pieces and regenerate. But I believe (especially studying environmental science) you should have some respect for the life around you and for what we are doing and not take advantage. EDIT: Yep definitely was being a pretty big asshole. Will find them and try to make it right. Thanks guys! UPDATE: Made it right today in class with the girls and actually had a few laughs. Also the teacher apparently saw them and had a talk to the class about respecting the specimens, so all worked out! Thanks all for the messages."
1392,"AITA for telling my ex's friend that he threatened someone with a knife? Long story, but I'll try to make it as short as possible. Just broke up with my ex a few weeks ago. We lived together and were together for 2 years. Last month I was out of the country pretty much all month and a friend of mine was renting the other room in our place. My ex got along with him swell, always telling me he was a good roomie. Fast forward to the last week I'm away, my ex is sending me aggressive text messages and is also being passive-aggressive towards to my friend. My ex was getting gradually aggressive all month (in general, not just with me) so I suspected a ticking timebomb. Still, I just wanted to talk things out once I got home. It was only after my very last day away was when I said it was the final straw (he used ""You better"" language with me and I just couldn't handle being talked to like that). I land, super worried and anxious about how I am going to break up with him. My friend is still staying there. I get to my house very early in the morning and lay my head on the couch. My friend is in the living room with me. My ex wakes up early and says f**ing ridiculous. My friend asks him what's up, and he says it's ridiculous that I won't go sleep in the room. Then, things escalate and they start yelling at each other. Then, my ex, who was cutting fruits, turns around, with knife in hand, and says ""you want to know where this can go? you better be careful or else you're going to get in trouble one day,"" all while walking towards him with the knife in his hand, twisting it around. Then he just leaves the building. I'm terrified and my friend and I immediately leave. I message one of my ex's friends (who is a psychologist) telling him what had just happened (that he had just threatened someone with a knife in his hand), saying that there's something seriously wrong with him and he should seek help. I ask the friend to not tell him what I said, at least not until after I have all my stuff out of the apartment, because honestly I didn't want my ex to retaliate against me. In hindsight, I probably shouldn't have done this, but at the same time, I was going through a mixture of emotions. The guilt was haunting me in my dreams. Turns out, the friend told my ex what I said. I still have stuff at the apartment. I just started a new school and a new job so the move-out process has been slower than I would have liked. Ex messages me a couple days ago saying what I did with his friend was ""really low"" of me. I did say it was a low point for me and told him I did feel guilty about it,"
1393,"AITA for being disrespectful with this old man? Today I was trying to find a spot to park at a National Park near the trails I was going to hike. It was very crowded. I went into a lot, and as I drove past this woman, she kindly told me she would be leaving her spot and that I could have it. I turned around and pulled to the side (there was room for others to pass me) so I could get back the 5 feet or so to the passed spot. When I turned around I put my blinker on to ""secure"" the spot. Across the spot, facing me was an old man who soon after put his blinker on. He wagged a finger at me while shaking his head, as if to say ""no no no."" I tried to motion to the lady that gave me the spot and convey that she specifically offered it to me (otherwise I wouldn't be doing this). I felt like he was contesting something that was clearly mine. She pulled out in a way that blocked him so I pulled in before he could and then the old man lowered his window and said ""You can't do that, this is a one way street and we've been looking for a spot for a very long time"" and I just replied that the woman gave me the spot. I turned off the car but he kept sitting there, and I saw him talking to another driver and pointing at me and the other driver shaking his head. Part of me felt bad for cutting this guy off, even though I was there first and she offered me the spot. Part of me was worried he'd do something to the car (my mom was kind enough to lend me her Mercedes, and I suspect that car was part of man's reaction). So I relented, pulled out and immediately felt like a wimp who didn't stand up for myself. Am I the asshole?"
1394,"AITA for being mad at my father for not letting me go to college abroad after he found out I smoke weed? Basically my father found my weed pipe so he made me stay in my shitty hometown instead of going to a big university even after we bought plane tickets. He also won't give me the small allowance I used to get and won't let me use one of several cars. He thinks smoking weed will ruin my life and career opportunities, when I actually believe the opposite."
1395,"AITA for being too passionate about my work? So basically I’m the first guy they hired to start the company. I was mentored by someone who believed in me to push myself to become the first version of me. As a result, I am always updating myself with the latest trends so if anyone does approach our company, I have the solution ready. And that’s been great. I’m the go to guy for any consultation that comes to us as well. Enter our new workers. And they work under me on projects and we all report to a team captain. So when I delegate work to these guys to do and say it’s to be done in a certain way, they don’t want to listen to me cos it’s either affecting their ego and they try and do it there way and it’s very mediocre. I talked to HR about this and they advise maybe because of my strong personality I need to listen more. So I started doing that. But what i feel is these guys are just here to learn work and not really want to contribute much to work. They Basically give the bare minimum. When I ask the team captain to step in(who is basically a yes man) he agrees with me and when we approach the team, he agrees with them as well and says just try it their way and two months is wasted. So I keep going to HR and they keep saying the same thing; please humble yourself. And then the head of company comes in expecting us to deliver projects on time and everyone is like yay we will but once she leaves, everyone is back to just their own selves and I see projects failing and since they are my projects to manage, it’s my failure. But I’m only trying to push these people to be their best so they can add value to the team and to their future and that makes me look like an asshole."
1396,"AITA for judging other women too harshly? I watched my neighbor sit on the curb and play on her phone while another neighbor kindly changed her flat tire this morning. When I find women playing ""damsel in distress"" to get attention, or maybe because they never payed attention to learn to do things for themselves, I'm disgusted. If I hear the conversation is going towards gossip, makeup, reality TV/celebrities, ""the girls at work"", clothes and where they buy them, I discount these women altogether. I understand women (probably) aren't going to act like truckers, femininity is beautiful, and all people are different. Not every woman I know cares about pop music and the kardashians. But why is it so common to run into a group of women my age (20's) who have shallow interests? It's like they're all wrapped up in this little world of what they think they're supposed to act like. I'd rather talk about more than hair styles and dresses. No technical knowledge? Just stay home and decorate the house and care for the kids? Am I an asshole for being disgusted with this? Is there a word for this besides being a bitch/asshole?"
1397,"AITA for ending the night early? The plan was to head to Toronto to go to one of the popular bars called Country Bar (fake name). Thursday is when it gets packed and busy - basically *the* place to be. It was a pretty last minute plan, planned around 2pm of that day. Now me and my buddy James are trying to rally up the squad to head out but most people in our squad can't make it out either because of prior commitments or work the next day. I said, ""It's whatever, me and you can literally just be drunk in Toronto and we will see where the night goes like a 21 and over type feel"". Moving forward, James says ""oh Sally and Suzy are going, everyones going!, gunna be a good time"". (Sally and Suzy are both younger females who I don't even think are legal age but anyways the fact is, is that they are 2ish years younger) I didn't really care that they are going because I don't talk to them and he knows that. Anyways around 9pm James says ""they are at a pre, do you wanna go straight to Toronto or to the pre"" and I said ""I don't really care, I don't talk to them that much so it would be awkward if he went to the pre"". He then ends up choosing to go to the pre and I tag along saying how bad could it be. A couple of girls and drinks and I'm good. We get there at 9:30pm and its going smoothly. I know 2/4 girls there. Next thing you know, 6 guys - same age as them (young af) come and I'm now at knowing 2/8 people and I literally feel like that awkward uncle who has no one his own age to hangout with. My friend is indulging in their high school drama and I'm on the couch thinking like ""wtf did I get myself into"". He is also cuddling this girl taking snapchat selfies etc and the rest of the crowd is not very welcoming (they don't take the time to get to know you. If they don't know you, they won't be the ones to come and get to know you) so basically I'm on the couch by myself. 11pm rolls around and still at this pre and I just couldn't take it anymore. I got up, told James I was leaving and left. Before I left he said ""oh man, we are just about to leave, stay"" and all I was thinking was that it was 11pm, we are still at the pre with people 2 years younger than us and you're talking about high school drama. If I'm not having fun now, I won't be having fun in Toronto. So guys - AMITA for leaving just like that and not following through to the bars?"
1398,"AITA for calling my best friend out on blowing me off while I'm home on leave? So I went home for a very short period of time after being gone over a year for. Only a very small handful of people knew I was coming as my very short time was dedicated almost strictly to family and family only. I told my best friend of over 5 years over a month prior to mark these dates. She also is holding onto something of mine she's had for 2+ years that I was trying to get back. I knew she was having financial troubles so I told her she should spend a night at my parents' with me, so we could get some time to just bullshit about life and throw back some drinks. I'd drive to pick her up, drive to drop her off(one way is almost an hour). She agrees. About a week later I bring it up again, and she says she shouldn't spend a night because her mom already takes care of stuff for her a couple nights a week, she shouldn't throw another day on top of her. I reluctantly say I understand (because she had agreed prior) and we can work it out. So the time comes I'm home, it was the day I had originally wanted her to spend the night with me and I want to take a trip to say hello to her mom. She tells me that she's not certain her mom is going to be home either, as she herself won't be home because she's out doing other things and spending the night elsewhere. I pump the brakes and get irritated immediately. I fully admit that my fuse was short here, but this was the text I sent her: ""well you knew the nights I was going to be here, said you couldn't spend the night with me, yet you're going to spend the night in (place)? And I'm still not going to get my (item) back? Awesome."" She responded that she forgot it was tonight, that I can still get my item back, and ""today's not your last day here, is it?"" I told her that she was missing my point. That my point was I gave her my dates, she told me she couldn't spend a night with me, but that she could spend that same night elsewhere. When she responded she explained how she was going to be closer to home, (it's almost an hour between our places), she was sorry she forgot, and ""if I remembered you were gonna be home this weekend, I would have told you we could hang out."" This is a friend I've spoken many many times with about the frustrations of coming home on leave, and how everybody expects you to go to them, despite driving/flying x amount of hours and spending x amount of money to get home in the first place. She's had a full understanding of all of this and has seen it firsthand as she has family in the"
1399,"AITA for leaving husband and teenager (who sleep in late) behind while the rest of family goes out to breakfast? I have 3 kids. Middles kids bday is today. Had friends sleep over last night and this morning, bday girl and friend are starving. Husband and teen are slow risers. Meanwhile, I sense bday girl (who turns 10 today) is getting hangry. As a mom, I know the threshold. We found a cute diner downtown but let the 2 know that when they are up and ready, they can meet us. Well, they met us as we were paying, getting ready to leave. Now husband and teen are across the room pissed at me. Was I the asshole?"
1400,"AITA for not wanting to put the sandwich away? This actually isn't from me; it's a post from /r/childfree, where the most radical people have commented and let their dislike for pregnant people say that the other guy (not OP) is the asshole. I'm curious to see what you guys think. >Title: It's MY food, and I'm eating it RIGHT NOW (rant) >Apologies for formatting, I'm on a windows phone (enough said). >This literally happened a few moments ago. I'm currently on the train home after visiting family (multiple birthdays this month) and quite tired/hungry. So I bought a ham sandwich meal deal from an overpriced train store to sustain me until I get home. (fellow Brits know the trouble of overpriced food). >Anyway, this husband and wife (who is visibly pregnant (thought so initially, confirmed by overhearing their conversation)) sat down a few seats from me (not many people on the train). As we left the station, I pulled out my sandwich, opened it then grabbed my phone charger and stuff to do. Barely been a minute when I hear an angry toned ""dude, put your fucking sandwich away!!"". I look up, confused as fuck, and see the husband giving me evils whilst holding his wife (who looks upset and appears to be gagging). He repeats what he said, and I respond ""Dude I just paid for this, I'll eat it in a minute! Calm your tits!"". >This apparently infuriated him, and he just lifts his wife up (still gagging) and turned to leave the carriage (presumably to another one), and as they pass by me he mutters ""inconsiderate tosser"" (derogatory term for those not in the know) and leaves. I'm just staring at the guy in disbelief, and now a few passengers are staring at me like I'M the one with the problem. Ive just put in my headphones and thought I'd vent to you guys. >If he'd been nice or asked politely, I might have acquiesced. But to heck with him, I'm enjoying my overpriced ham sandwich. >EDIT: Bonus dick-move from him: He saw me standing in the part of the train where the doors are, ready to disembark (train was pulling into my station), and stuck a middle finger up at me. I just smiled and waved and went back to staring at my phone til the train stopped."
1401,"AITA for getting angry when my employer forced me to work a in a position for which I am not trained? I am a concierge supervisor at a hotel. Due to a scheduling error, I agreed to trade shifts with a co-worker for today. The shift requires special training, and she has never received any training in the role. I, on the other hand, have received 3/4 of the training and have worked the shift on my own once before. When I arrived for the shift this afternoon, my employer advised me that, since I am not ""fully trained"" for the role, I would not be able to work it. (Note: This did not stop them from allowing me to work this shift on my own earlier this week). Instead, my employer advised me that I would be required to work in an entierly different role--one in which I have received absolutely zero training. I expressed that I was not comfortable working in a role for which I have not been trained and made it clear that I would much rather work in a role for which I have been mostly trained (and done on my own without screwing up). I asked if there was any other solution, and they told me there was not. I did my best in the role, but I was wholly unprepared, did not complete tasks that were (unbeknownst to me) part of the role, and was unable to provide the kind of support to my subordinates that I would have liked to as there were a lot of things I just plain do not know how to do. To top it all off I have a sprained ankle. The shift I agreed to cover for my co-worker was a predominantly seated role. The role I was forced to work required me to stand for my entire shift. Now I am angry and in pain--a terrible combo for the hospitality industry. 1) Am I an asshole for being angry with my employer over this? 2) Am I an asshole if I take this up with HR? EDIT: I'll try to clarify. For the past 9.5 years, I have been a concierge supervisor with this company. There is also a separate department for front desk supervisors managed by the same managers. Recently they advised us they would be training us to fill front desk supervisor shifts. A dedicated front desk supervisor receives over 3 weeks of training for the four different roles their job entails. At first, my team was only going to be utilized for one of the roles, then they started scheduling us into this other role without providing us any training for it (this particular role entails at least 3 days of training for the dedicated front desk supervisors). The surprise role is essentially the least preferred front desk supervisor role. It honestly felt like I was being punished when I arrived and they told me I had to work it. At no point have I ever agreed to be a front desk agent or"
1402,"AITA by ignoring the girl I'm seeing for a week So i went to my friends to get drunk, found out his uncle died of cancer the night before, and made some calls for the funeral. so i spent all sun.. laid up in bed hungover. monday night i went to his house to help make food for the wake on tue... afternoon, she texts me to see whats up and proceeded to freak out on me for not texting her on sunday and turned my friends problems into hers and pissed me off really bad, hence not talking to her for a week. she wont see me to work this out just shitty short texts or long ones nagging at me for hurting her. i did get my licks in and i was not that nice about it ""but"" i did apologize for not getting at her. AITA?"
1403,"AITA for feeling like I'm still owed a more substantial apology? Buckle up kids- this ones a little long. For the past two years I've arranged a trip to New Orleans for Red Dress Run that I'm really excited to try to make an annual adventure for me and my friends. Last year was an absolute blast. One of the best trips I've ever had. This year was also but the group of people I invited may or may not agree based on how the whole trip exactly went down Anyway, let me start by painting a picture. Friday evening rolls around after spending about 6ish hours driving since 7am to get to NOLA. Everybody is getting ready and really excited about our first time out. Fast forward and we're feeling it's about time to head back to the hotel and call it a night so that we have energy for tomorrow This is where the problem starts. My friend went into one of the notorious cash only pizza shops right off of Bourbon Street. To late and to his sorrow (after eating a couple bites of his pizza) we realize it's cash only. Being the hot drunk messes that we are- my friend sets down the pizza at the counter and we boogie. So, we're traveling back to the hotel kind of quickly because we don't want anybody raising hell about the pizza and we're walking a bit fast. The girls (group of four of them that we came with) are trying to keep up with us (group of three gay men) and are going on about how they want to Uber back to the hotel since they decided to wear heels and are tired of walking. We (the boys) kind of flippantly agree that we're gonna walk back and find food since we obvi cant cramp seven people into one Uber and also wanted to grab food somewhere on the way back so we keep on walking and let the girls do their thing. In hindsight we were being a bit unaccommodating but like also who tf wearing heels when you're running around Bourbon Street? I however afterward did take on total blame for this. It wasn't something I swept under the rug. So. Saturday rolls around. The big day. Red Dress Run is a go go. We (the boys) decide we wanna grab some breakfast around 10am and ask the girls if they would like to join. We get no answer except from one of them complaining about how her card was over authorized at check-in. So we go to breakfast and then head back to the room to get ready. We text them again and let them know this and see where they are out in their itinerary so to speak. No response. SO- on our way down to the lobby to start heading to the Quarter we stop by each of their rooms and nobody answers their doors. We later found out this was because they were asleep and didn't hear us. So now we're in the"
1404,"AITA for not wanting to hear about a class my brother's in? For a bit of background, I'm currently in high school, and my brother is about to start freshman year. Both of us are starting at a new school this year. The new school offers several languages, whereas Spanish was the only option at my old school. No offense to anyone who speaks Spanish, but the class has been insufferable for me. I did well academically, but bad teachers + bullying in the class + general lack of interest have killed it for me. Over the summer, my brother had to choose a language. French was his initial choice, but our parents pushed Spanish because they think it's easier and more useful. Over the summer we finally got to go on a trip to Italy that I had wanted for years. (I love learning about ancient Rome and think Italian culture is beautiful. I had been teaching myself Italian online for a few months, but no one else knows this). During the whole trip my brother was talking about how much he loved Italy and wanted to learn Italian. Dad agrees to let him take Italian at school. You can take two languages at the new school, so in addition to the Spanish I need to get into college, I decided to start Latin because of my aforementioned interest in ancient Rome. (I considered doing Italian, but decided that it'd be too hard to separate from Spanish.) I get asked why I want to learn such a 'useless' language, but no one stops me from taking the class. For the past couple of weeks it's been Italian this and Italian that. Some family members want to learn with him. There's talk of going back to Italy to 'communicate with the locals'. Brother brings it into every conversation, and also mentions that I'm learning Spanish (which he calls 'Mexico'). The family tries to include me (maybe we can go to Spain, how do you say this in Spanish, etc. Very few references to Latin). Obviously they don't know how I feel about Spanish. I've dropped a few hints that must've been too subtle, and like I said I haven't told them that I'm learning Italian by myself or anything at all about how I feel. I'm just too shy about this. Every time they mention anything related to the topic I get a rush of anger and sadness. I feel like he's stealing 'my thing' even though they have no idea that I love Italian so much and of course I don't own the language. I know I'm overreacting and that I should tell someone about this, but I'm worried that I won't be able to control my jealousy in the future. Am I being petty for caring so much?"
1405,"AITA for wanting to block my ex? Me and my ex-girlfriend broke up last month. We didn't fight over it, we simply had a calm discussion and concluded that it was time to move on. We dated for about 2 years and a half. So that was it, we broke up peacefully, we didn't unfriend eachother on Facebook or unfollow each other on Twitter. However, sometimes if I tweet something she will respond in a sassy way that really bothers me. It makes me feel inadequate and sad. And at other times she will send me links to videos on Facebook that are like ""10 things to make you a better person"", and that straight up pisses me off. Should I block her on social media or would that just make me an asshole. For what I know of her, she is probably not trying to hurt me, even though she is. PS.: Sorry for my bad English."
1406,"AITA for not calling my girlfriend on her birthday I sent my girlfriend a moderately long happy bday message right as it turned to midnight and her birthday. We talked a bit through texts and she wanted me to call her. I wasn't feeling well (and she knew this) and wasn't sure if neighbors would be disturbed since it was past midnight, so I politely declined and changed the subject to other birthday stuff. She practically demanded I call her and I declined yet again. Keep in mind we were going to see each other first thing the next day and it was already past midnight. This basically started a 6 hour fight I'm still recovering from. She brought up things she does to help me, which honestly aren't as grand as she makes them seem (minor inconveniences at best or within her interest). She kept basically gloating about things and calling me weird for some quirks I have. I called her entitled and told her she's treating me horribly. Fight basically just goes on and on and on for hours."
1407,"AITA for wanting my cup back? EDIT: The cup has been located and will be discretely hidden! Yay for non-confrontational victories! Edit the second: One of the kids chewed on the straw so much it is flat on top. :'( I have this cup. It's an awesome cup. I got it at a thrift store over a year ago now for a dollar. It fits three cans of pop, has a straw and a lid (think huge purple sippy cup). I used this cup often, and even marked a line with sharpie where the PERFECT amount of vodka was for a screw driver. My boyfriend James and I moved a few weeks ago, back into our family's places for various reasons. Unbeknownst to me, my cup wound up at his family's place. I didn't realize it was there. I thought it was in storage, which is crammed full of stuff, and assumed I'd get the cup when we emptied the storage locker out. His niece and nephew fell in love with the cup. I noticed them using it, and immediately got a bit annoyed, but didn't mention it. I asked my boyfriend's sister if I could have it back. She looked at me like I was insane! ""But, the kids love it."" So I don't have my cup back.... My problem was: It is irreplaceable. I bought it a year ago from a thrift store and I've never seen another one like it. I also had no idea it was there. It's also, well, MY cup! (And I went through a lot of trial and error for that sharpie line....) Am I the asshole for still wanting it back? Extraneous information: I don't like his sister much because she constantly 'borrows' money and never gives it back, expects my boyfriend and I to do shit for her, yells at kids and dogs alike. So, if I am the asshole, I'm more than fine with being an asshole to her. I'd probably care less about my cup being taken if it wasn't being taken by her. THE CUP, IN ALL ITS [GLORY] FINAL EDIT: The sharpie line is missing. Whether it faded due to time or was scrubbed away, there are no signs. Back to the vodka testing phase."
1408,"AITA for withholding my energy drink from my wife This happened tonight. A bit of background: I normally stop at the convenience store on my way to work at 5:40am to grab a small energy drink to wake me up for my proceeding 12-hour shift (don't like coffee). This morning, I bought two drinks so I don't have to stop at the store tomorrow morning. I ended up leaving it in my car, so I put it in the fridge when I got home. After I put the kids to bed, my wife and I are chatting and getting a bit horny, when she is suddenly very thirsty and is searching for something cold to drink. She downs what was left of the 2.5gal container of water in the fridge (fine with me, I do it too) but it wasn't enough. I go to grab her a fresh water bottle from the dining room, when I hear the telltale hissing of the tab being pulled on a soda can. I yell out, ""Hey, that's mine!"" or something like that, and she puts it back in the fridge. I give her the water bottle, but it's not cold enough. She wants my energy drink, and I explain that it's had been sitting in my hot car all day and likely wasn't cold enough anyway. She feels the can and I think agrees with me. We go into our bedroom as we were both still horny. Not 5 seconds later she tells me to stop and calls me ""stingy"" and ""cold"". I'm confused by this and ask if it's because of the energy drink. She says she shares everything of hers with me (I withheld the screaming urge to point out everything I've done for her in the past 7 years) so I should do the same, and that it's been going on for a while now. So I ask for examples. She finally comes up with one from 8 months ago where I didn't share my cheesecake that she had bought for me (it was her birthday) and that she didn't get any because her mom ate hers. This was the only example I could get out of her about how ""stingy"" I am, but she tells me it's happened a lot. --- TL;DR: I bought two energy drinks with the intention of saving one for tomorrow. Wife takes it from fridge without asking me. I get on wife's case. Wife calls me stingy and has ""many examples"" of my stingyness. --- Edit: some details"
1409,"AITA for being frustrated at my best friend's relationship? I'll try to make this as short as possible. I live with two roommates, one of which is single (Let's call him Jason), and the other who got into a relationship about 3 months ago (let's call him Tom, and his girlfriend Rachel). Both of these guys are my best friends, and I really appreciate their company. I don't have many other friends. So, when Tom got into a relationship, I immediately knew that I wasn't able to spend as much time with him. That's cool, no big deal. I can handle being alone a bit more. I'm good at respecting people's privacy. Nowadays, I see Tom maybe a couple of times a week, in short bursts. So, of course, I try to spend time with him. Except, now... It's like he wants nothing to do with me. I'll go into his room and try to talk to him, and when he's alone, we can usually talk for about 5 minutes before he just... Stops talking. When Rachel is over, I can't even get that. I'm ignored, they start cuddling or something, and I immediately feel like the awkward third wheel, so I leave. I'm in my own relationship, and I've never been the type of person to want to 'steal someone's man'. I don't think I'm annoying, that's something I'm very self-concious of. I like both of these people. They're both good friends of mine, and I'd like to keep it that way. I guess I'm just wondering if I'm being an asshole about this? Am I being a whiny attention-seeker? Thanks in advance."
1410,"AITA for not wanting to invite her This Friday me and my friend group are gonna go bowling. In total there are five of us, and four of us are in the same class. In our class there's this girl called Georgia who doesn't get invited to hangout often, so one of the girls in my friend group, Ursula, said we should invite her to one of our hangouts. I said I didn't for the following reasons: * Almost every day she has something to complain about. * She speaks badly about me and my friends behind their backs. This includes saying that my best friends sister was faking her injury (even though their mom is a nurse and would know if the injury was faked) and that their family always faked injuries for attention. * Our class has to do fundraising for our senior trip, and because we are a small class, I have taken a position of leadership in organizing our fundraiser events. Any time I propose something or make a decision, she opposes it and proposed the complete opposite, even if her proposal will make us lose money. * She was dating one of my friends, but then would never talk to him. Eventually she broke up with him cuz she said he was a jerk who never did anything for her or talked to her. He gave her a hundred dollar necklace for Christmas just a month earlier. * She always wants to do things her way. At *my* birthday party, everyone wanted to watch a movie. Since it was my birthday they let me decide, except for Georgia. She wanted us to play fishbowl. So we played for a few minutes. Her team was winning by *a lot* of points, but she still cheated and wrote down more points than they had gotten. (She was keeping track of the score for her team) I explained these reasons to Ursula, but she says she thinks Georgia is gonna get her feelings hurt if we don't invite her. So am I the asshole for not inviting her?"
1411,"AITA for saying that the thought of having sex with another guy makes me uncomfortable? (Long) Okay, so this happened yesterday evening at my local pub. It was a public holiday here in the U.K. and a lot of people were out for the evening, more than usual on a Monday night. One of those was an old schoolfriend whom I haven't seen for a good 4 years. We'll call him James. We were never especially close, but got on pretty well. It was nice to see him and catch up, and since leaving school and going off to uni has come out openly as gay. We were chatting about a variety of things, and he was talking about the gay scene at his uni and how he came to terms with his homosexuality and stuff, and it was really great to talk to him about relationships and stuff and most importantly to see how happy he was - in his last year at school he went through some personal issues, and while I'm not absolutely sure if it was anything to do with his sexuality, a lot of people even at the time suspected that was the case. Both of us had had a few drinks, although he didn't seem openly drunk or anything. At one point he made a remark that it was a shame that I'm not gay because he gives really great head and thought I would enjoy it. I kind of laughed it off, it was fairly innocuous, plus I'd been talking to him about my girlfriend so he knew that I wasn't gay, though he may have wondered if I was bi. Evidently he was wondering, because he asked if I had ever considered experimenting with guys. My reply was that I had never given it any *serious* thought, mainly because the thought of actually being sexual with another guy makes me feel uncomfortable. His response was, ""Wow, that's pretty homophobic."" To which I explained that, to my knowledge of the term, I'm not homophobic, merely that I myself would almost certainly find no enjoyment or pleasure from experimenting with a guy. After, I could tell he had gone a bit cold towards me, and after a minute or so he made his excuses and went to join his friends. About ten minutes later, a girl whom I've never met before - let's call her Katie - came over to me and started berating me in the middle of the pub for being, in her own words, ""violently homophobic"" towards James. After effectively being shouted at for a good five minutes by Katie, with me trying to get a word in edgeways to explain why I didn't feel I'd been homophobic, the landlord of the pub came over and said that if the shouting didn't stop we'd both be thrown out. In the end, I finished my drink and a friend and I went somewhere down the road to get away from the glowering stares we were getting. This morning, I sent James a message via"
1412,AITA For wanting to hookup with an old friend with the risk of hurting another friend's feelings? I recently reconnected with my friend from highschool. We hit it off and we've been hanging out the last couple of days. It may or may not seem that she might be into me...She is showing very obvious signs. I however have no romantic interest in her...This is where it gets potentially asshole-y. Her friend which was also my old friend caught wind that we were hanging out again. She stated that she would like to hang with her and I. Now...In highschool this friend B was a baddie but I was to weird awkward to do anything about it. Nowadays I am more confident I could maybe get in her pants...Would it be ass holey if I started focusing on friend B when I have a strong suspicion that friend A likes me?
1413,"AITA for talking back to an elderly woman? I was in the subway with my friend, next to a pole. An elderly lady was sitting about 6 feet from us. I was hanging on to the pole, and my friend wasn't, so when the train started, he went back a step. The lady told him to hold on to the pole to not fall on her, and he did. Anyway, I moved a bit and forgot to hang on to the pole. Again, the train started and I went back one small step, not touching the lady. She told me to hang on to the pole this time she looked a little angry. The way she said it was quite blunt, so I told her I'm sorry, but I haven't touched her. I didn't hang on because I'm usually careful (never fell while doing this). My friend then exits the train and while I walk to a seat, the lady mumbles ""Yeah, sit down."", to which I respond ""What did you say?"" and proceeded to take a seat. The lady looked at me and turned around. The lady wasn't very respectful, but I still felt like an asshole for talking back to her and not simply ignoring her (I'm 18, so it doesn't seem fair to confront a woman much older). Also, I feel like an asshole because despite her way of telling me to hang on, I could've simply obliged. So, am I the asshole here?"
1414,"AITA My brother broke his arm and can't smoke So my brother broke his arm about 2 months ago and recently had surgery. The doctor said nicotine slows healing or causes tissue and bone to heal incorrectly. My brother is constantly asking to smoke my vape and I tell him no for the reasons above. He then tells me ""fine I guess I'll smoke a cigarette"" in an effort to guilt me into letting him smoke my vape. This exact scenario has happened on multiple occasions. Who's the asshole and why?"
1415,AITA for putting this under someone's windshield?
1416,"AITA: For giving some extra pizza to some customers waiting in line? So this happened last weekend. I was in Seattle with my best friend who was up from New Jersey visiting me for the weekend. We went to one of my favorite pizza places in town, Windy City Pie. They do a great Chicago Style Deep Dish, so the pizzas are pretty filling. I normally go plain but they heavily recommend getting toppings so I got an extra pizza for my friend so he could try some of their toppings while I had my cheese pizza. It turned out to be too much for him to eat so he decided to give his left overs (about 2/3rds of a pie) to a group of people waiting in line who seemed a little hesitant about the wait. They were really grateful and bought my friend a beer. It wasn't until afterward that I realized we just cost the place a pie, but I think we may have also gotten them some repeat business from the people who might not have stayed for their pie anyway given the wait. So are we assholes / did we do the wrong thing, or is it something that isn't really that big of a deal. I don't have a lot of insight into the restaurant business but I know it can be difficult."
1417,"AITA for breaking off a friendship because I wanted to be friends with someone else? My friend and I were kind of mad at one of our friends we had got into an argument with. However, I realized that the argument was totally useless and childish, so I forgave her. We began talking regularly and such, and my other friend found out. It wasn't really good after that. She was saying things like.. ""Why are you friends with her again? Weren't we just mad at her? She's/You're disgusting! Did you remember what she did to me? I can't believe you just betrayed me like this."" I am still yet to understand her reasoning for saying things like that, since the argument was very petty and not a sensitive topic. I want to break ties with her, because of all these unnecessary comments she was making just because I was friends with her again. But am I an asshole for doing that?"
1418,"AITA for not paying a busker I was on the underground last night with my earphones in. This guy comes along the carridge and he looks like hes about to ask people for money. I can't really hear what he is saying but then he looks at me and asks me a question. I take out my earphones and ask him to repeat himself and he asks me to choose from 5 different words. I choose one and he goes on to say that he is a traveling poet who will make a poem based on the word I chose, and at the end we can give a tip if we like it. At this point I'm thinking oh shit I don't want him to busk as I do not have any money, but maybe it will be ok as I am off at the next stop and maybe I can sneak out. The guy proceeds to quickly ramble this poem that I could not really hear a word of, that finished just as we got to the next stop (now I think about it, they are probably planned that way). He finishes and asks for some coins. I tell him that I'm sorry but I do not have any money and start to move towards the door. He gets a bit annoyed and squares up to me a bit and asks why I chose a poem if I knew he was a busker and didn't have any money. I tell him that all I heard was him asking me a question and that I didn't hear the busker bit until after, but he doesn't believe me and eventually walks off swearing at me as I leave the train. Now I will admit that I am stupid for both not realizing he was going to ask for a (compulsory) tip, and that I did not stop him from reciting his poem. But was I an asshole? TLDR- stole a performance from a tube poet"
1419,"AITA wanting mutual consideration? A lady friend I've known for over a year accompanied me to vacation resort (my treat) in June. She also agreed to accompany me on a road-trip to Montana in September. It had been 6 weeks since our last conversation (we're 900 miles apart) and when I sent a text a few days ago reminding her, she acted surprised to hear from me. She said she was working and will call me at 7:30p when she gets home. At 7:30 no call, 8:30 no call and I sent a text saying I'll call. No response, so at 9:30 I call a full voice-mail box. I didn't want to assume she was flaking on me so the next day (18 hours later) I sent a text wishing her luck with the emotional issue preventing her from calling me. 16 hours later, still no call but a text telling me I was judgmental because her cousin needed her more than calling me to ""catch up"". She also tells me everyone comes to her with their problems and she should charge for being a shrink. This is now two days after she said she would call me. I text her that there was nothing judgmental and I just wanted her to be considerate about keeping her word. I also told her if she's too busy, maybe we shouldn't remain friends. BOOM! She says I'm being a judgmental asshole to the only person willing to keep a decent relationship with me, and she was helping her cousin out with a problem so I can cram it up my ass! Huh?! Game over, I replied simply. Okay. If it makes any difference, it cost me $2.5K for her part of the vacation. I never said a word about it because I had a good time even though she friend-zoned me."
1420,"AITA for not wanting an untrained ESA in my workspace? I'm a new grad student. Today one of my deskmates brought her emotional support dog into our studio workspace. I asked her about it and she told me it was an anxiety dog, which is a little ironic because dogs give me major anxiety, although I can work with it if it's a well-trained service dog and stays away from me. This dog was not well trained. It whined loudly the entire time it was there, wouldn't sit still, and barked whenever anybody entered the room. It was distracting and the barking really freaked me out. I wound up needing to move to a table across the room, which helped a bit but isn't typically an option. From my understanding, emotional support animals are not permitted in classrooms (I have an emotional support cat that I would never bring anywhere public), although from googling a bit I found that there are exceptions to this. I emailed my professor asking for clarification and he told me he would find out for me. I would be really relieved to have this dog out of the workspace, but otoh I feel bad being so afraid of and distracted by this girl's anxiety support dog, which obviously she must feel she needs or she wouldn't bring it with her. Should I try harder to adjust to the animal? AITA for wanting it out of the class environment?"
1421,"AITA and is that why my friends are excluding me? so this is a throwaway. background - we're a group of high school girls, all 16/17 and most are seniors. i changed the names. so last year i was best friends with amanda. like, up each other's ass best friends to the point where we were planning to have a joint graduation party this year. then, this summer i went to an academic summer program and while i was gone, everyone got closer without me. apparently everyone was also annoyed with me talking about my summer program, i really loved the place and the people there and i was excited to share. but no one had told me something was brewing until the day i got back. i was talking to amanda and she was giving me short, one-word responses like ""ok"" to everything. i was so frustrated because i felt like something had been off just like this for the past few weeks, so i went off and asked her what was really up and we got into a huge argument. she then ignored me for days without an answer as to why she was acting this way. i went out with our mutual friend, brittany, the day after, and brittany was surprised to know that i had no idea what was going on for the past few weeks. brittany told me that our other friend, sarah, and amanda are now best friends and tell each other everything. including some problems that me and amanda both had with sarah that i had intended to bring up with sarah personally when they happened. back in the spring of last year, sarah would talk behind our backs/not tell us things that were going on. one of those things being something really direct and personally harmful to me. i was fed up. i put in the notes app of my phone the things she had done recently that pissed me and amanda off, and i wanted to meet with her about those things and see if we could actually get anything resolved instead of harboring these pissed off feelings behind sarah's back. however, each time we would try to make the plans, something would happen and me and amanda just figured it was a sign and we should let it go. we swore to never talk about it again if we weren't gonna do anything about it, i deleted the notes, and i thought it was over. this was all back in the very end of the last schoolyear. amanda told sarah about all of this while i was away at my summer program. she said later that she told sarah this because ""her and sarah were like sisters now and it didn't feel right for sarah not to know how amanda felt last year."" sarah absolutely hated me for wanting to call her out, and i had no idea. sarah literally made plans with me to get ice cream with her later that same day brittany told me all of this. i pulled"
1422,"AITA for wanting a divorce for the 2nd time after 14 years of marriage I never loved him. I was a single mom when we met. I wanted more kids but didn't want another ""baby daddy"" so I got married. I cheated in year 7 of our marriage. My husband forgave me. Still asked for Divorce due to unhappiness. So We had two kids together in that time. We ended up remarried 6 mths later because I didn't want my kids getting a StepMother frankly. I even scared a bitch off. Anyhow, here we are 4 yrs into our 2nd legal marriage. I despise & hate him with a passion. Asked for a divorce for the 2nd time 3 weeks ago. My husband is bitter but we're cordial. He actual isn't angry. He's not a bad guy, never cheated or anything. Im just numb to him. I feel nothing & never have. Am I really that bad? I know I was wrong for cheating & never did it again but obviously from 10 yrs ago, my dead feelings for him never changed. I even find myself wanting him dead. Thoughts?"
1423,AITA for being pissed at my friend for sending a pic of me to our online friends? So I am in a HUGE PS4 group with friends and people I don't like but my face is kind of unknown. One day I was playing overwatch and got the message notification. I looked at it and saw he was making fun of how I look...
1424,"AITA in this situation: I'm at a bookstore looking for a book my girlfriend wanted, it's not there but they have the second book in the series so I call her and tell her ""they only have the sequel, do you still want it?"" and she says ""it's fine"". I didn't buy the book, turns out she wanted it. I thought by ""it's fine"" people mean like ""it's fine, don't worry about it"" sort of thing. She said she meant ""it's fine"" as in ""that's acceptable"" and was very annoyed/irate that I hadn't gotten the book (I was out of town in the city and we live in a small town that doesn't carry many books in stores). So am I the asshole here?"
1425,"AITA for thinking my friend should face her problems? Okay, so I have this friend, we'll call him Victor. Victor is a genuinely good person, but he also has a lot of issues that go unchecked by his parents (we're all minors). He is mildly autistic and has had depression in the past. For the past few years, my friend Bob and I have been working to help him through his issues. You see, Victor also has a lot of unchecked anger, and he won't confront it. He complains about his anger issues and the like, but he won't take any advice on how to fix it. My friend Bob and I have both experienced depression as well, and we often try to help Victor with a few bad habits that can make it worse (like poor sleeping, eating habits, and overloading himself work-wise). We're coming from a place of concern, and we try to bring these things up gently, but it's yielding no results. I know that as his friend, and a fellow teenager, my advice may not be the best, but he completely blows me off. I try to research before I tell him anything at all. So, am I the asshole for wanting him to change?"
1426,"AITA for letting my friend sleep over in my room? I moved into a new shared apartment a few days ago. There are four people in total me, another guy and two girls, everyone has their own room. Because I moved recently, I don't know any of them very well. My friend needs a place to stay for the night. Unfortunately, I'm at work until 3am. So it's going to be a bit tricky to let her stay there. I thought of three options for how to do it. 1. She'll stay somewhere in the city centre, we'll meet after work and go to my place together. This option is not that good for my friend because she has to get up early. 2. She'll come before I go to work, stay in the apartment and I'll return from work in the middle of the night. She'll have to be in the apartment the whole time, as I'll need to take the keys so I can get back. Also from the roommates' point of view, there'll be a strange girl in my room. 3. I can just give her the keys, this would work best for her. But I don't know if I'd be OK with any of my roommates giving keys to a stranger, so I thing this might be disrespectful to them. I have already let my roommates know she'll be staying over. Which of these options makes me an asshole the least, regarding my roommates?"
1427,"AITA for stealing my sister's cat? (I'm on mobile and this is my first post so sorry for any screw ups) My younger sister (17) brought a kitten home at the beginning of May, and my parents weren't big fans of it. So I was home from university, and basically raised the cat while she was at school. When summer came around, she got a job at a summer camp, and was gone Sunday-Friday every week. I took care of the cat then as well. At the end of summer, my dad told me he wanted the cat out of the house. So when I left I told her I was taking him multiple times, and she always blew it off as a joke. Now the cat is living in my apartment and she's telling me that she hates me and never wants to speak again."
1428,"AITA for not loaning my father money? Without getting into too many details a brief backstory. He owes me close to 10k dollars, all of which I got through student loans. Started with big loans and then small loans one after the other every time he went over his budget. He has a history of delayed pay-backs but I thought with me it would be different. After a while I kept discussing our money problems calmly but a few months ago I snapped and had an angrier conversation. Since then he has been a little more hesitant about asking me for anything at all really. Lately he started asking again and at least he started paying back the new loans fairly quickly, but I really don't want to be his personal bank. He keeps guilting me into paying saying we need food (we live together) and other supplies, while he hasn't had a consistent job in forever and does 0 budgeting. He just spends and spends and then comes to me when he has nothing left again. He acts like a millionaire when he has money... The kind that likes to show off how much he spent too. Meanwhile I'm still only getting student loans and all this loaning has really affected me negatively over the years. Like more than you can imagine. Both academically and mentally. I can get really angry when I think about how much he owes me and especially why... I get even angrier when in his eyes I'm probably being greedy or acting like a terrible son because I bring this shit up. Today he asked a small amount for food again and as soon as he heard I was hesitant to say yes he just hung up like my little sister would: ""yeah ok whatever"". Like, really? If I was rich I'd buy you guys anything, but I'm giving you my loans here. I've already given plenty. This has to stop somewhere. I'm trying to help you with budgeting and I really cut down my own expenses too. On top of that he makes me feel selfish. Well if this is what being a selfish asshole is like I'm going to start doing it more. I *need* to be more selfish. Am I wrong?"
1429,"AITA for thinking we could still be friends and wanting to know why we're not? Throwaway account because ex is a redditor. Also not really looking for relationship advice or anything like that. So my ex that I dated for about 2 years. We were fairly off and on during those 2 years, argued a lot, communication was a pretty big downfall of ours. We both have fiery tempers and while we never said anything particularly rude and definitely never did any physical harm, I always felt we were both too quick to just break it off over an argument. Our ""breakups"" usually lasted long enough for us to cool off, maybe about a week at most. I know, it was unhealthy. Anyway, last summer we had a really bad break up. Since then things have been tense between us most of the time, with a few glimmering moments of friendship. He was there for me when my dad passed away suddenly a few months ago and from that time, he and I had been in contact more often than we had been before. Little by little, it got to talking about mundane subjects every day, he'd tell me about his son, he'd ask how my day at work was, I'd ask how his work was going...that sort of thing. It eventually progressed to light flirting. We weren't getting back together or anything but I thought we would at least get to be friends again. We were talking every day, all day and all night mostly. A few weekends ago, I happened to be up in the city he lives in and he did me a favor so I ended up seeing him for the first time in a year. We ended up sitting in his truck and talking and the whole time he was acting very flirty, putting his arm around me, holding my hands and eventually kissed me. I should have put a stop to it but let's be honest, I still like the guy and I enjoyed kissing him. The few days after were fine, we didn't see each other anymore but both of us were fairly busy so I didn't think much of it. The talking stayed the same. In the week or so after however, he started showing signs of ghosting me. I called him on it, one, because I knew him better than to think he's just do that and two, we've known each other more than a few weeks, I told him I could handle the truth if he just didn't want to talk to me anymore. I made it clear that I understood that it was probably just a heat of the moment kind of thing that happened and I was in no way assuming things were better or that we were together again. He kept saying he was busy, I was overreacting, things were fine. A few days later, nothing had changed so I asked him again and he went off on me saying I was just overreacting and that I never understood"
1430,"AITA for not letting my cousins toddler play my Nintendo Switch after she told him he could play? Just gonna be straight up since I can vent a bit here. I really don't like kids, hate them in fact. They make me uncomfortable and worried for my possessions and pets safety, they're gross, and they're annoying. My cousins and their toddler are here for the hurricane. I'm trying to get my mind off things and play some Zelda. I'm alone, actually enjoying this nightmare for a moment. Then everyone else comes in. Of course for the millionth time the rugrat tunnel visions on the TV and heads for the dock. Shit kept making me nervous, kid kept climbing the entertainment center trying to grab the dock. The mom kept pulling him away and saying ""No, don't touch that. You'll play it in a little bit."" I'm super uncomfortable. I hate the kid, but I can't hate him because I love my cousins. I try to just deal with it but I can't. My anxiety, irritation, and awkwardness is up. So I just pop it off the dock and leave the room after the mom said he could play. I never planned to put any part of my electric baby into the hands of their human one. As I was walking out she said ""We can just play a game on my phone"" which made me feel like an asshole but at the same time I feel like she shouldn't volunteer other people's expensive prized possessions to be a child's chew toy. I'm pretty torn. I feel like most people would be like ""Yeah here, play some Nintendo with me"" but I just don't trust or like this toddler that I have never even seen before yesterday."
1431,"AITA for acting more social around others than my girlfriend Key word is on acting. I'm extremely introverted, I hate people. I hate social interaction. But when I'm forced into a situation where I have to be social, I'm very good at acting. Now when I'm with my girlfriend I'm no recluse, but I'm real. I enjoy talking to her and I feel open with her, but after almost 3 years together there's really not much to talk about. We know pretty much everything about each other and can pretty much just know what the other is thinking. I'm not a recluse with her, I'm just much more quiet and communicate more physically (I'm constantly hugging and kissing her and generally giving her affection which she loves) than verbally. Simply because there's not really much to say other than how our days were and the 2-3 interesting things we find out that day. I can stretch but there's really not much to talk about and I do feel like all the pressure is on me to make interesting conversation beyond the mundane ""hey look there's an x over there"" Either way she usually gets pretty upset when she sees me in a situation where I'm acting social. I'm up front with her and tell her ""yeah I'm basically performing here"" and she still gets pretty upset. I don't really see how she can justify getting mad at me over it when most of these times she's the one forcing me into these social situations that I act friendly in. She fully knows I'd rather be at home cuddling with her but she still acts somewhat jealous at me more or less pretending to be social and friendly with her friends or our respective parents. I mean she gets the real me and to some degree I'm faking with them. I straight up ask her if she wants me to pretend and she doesn't answer me. I try my best to comfort her but she always ends up jealous and angry at me over it and we have the exact same fight every time."
1432,"AITA : Am I the asshole for doing this to my power hungry HOA neighbor? I live in a neighborhood that just set up a HOA in late 2016, When I bought the land there was no HOA in place and nothing on the deed saying one was coming. We are one of 3 other houses out of 25 that are not part, all on the outer edge of the neighborhood tucked in the woods. To be fair, we were the first three houses here, the land in the back of us was fields that were converted in the last 17 years and just finished late in 2016. Compared to the rest of the neighborhood we have 4 acres while they all only have maybe half at best for property size and we are all in the woods with a grass field and playground separates us from them, our three houses are also custom built whereas the rest are from the same builder. I am the corner lot so I share a small sliver of land with asshole HOA president who thinks since I touch his yard I am sucked into HOA rules and regulations. My two neighbors and I like I said have about 12 acres between the three of us and do not have any fences between us and routinely will walk through our woods with dogs or kids to explore and just be outside. My neighbor has a tree house fort with ropes, bridges and swings between a few trees and since the HOA started up he has gotten warnings from Asshole HOA president to remove said tree house fort or face fines. Now since my yard touched his yard HOA president thought he could bully me to get my neighbor to listen and would trespass on my property and got as ballsy as knocking on my back sliding door on my deck 15 feet off the ground. I answered with my shotgun in hands and he backed up acting like we were old friends and told him he had 30 seconds to get back to his yard or i'd start shooting. He tuned tail and rain home as fast as he could and about 45 minutes later, so about a week ago I had 3 cops cars pull into my driveway and 8 cops came up to my front door. My lady answered behind the locked metal screen asking if they had a warrant. They had none, just a call from a startled individual that I was quote ""Walking around the neighborhood park with a loaded shotgun"" Now from my backdoor to the playground it's a little over a mile with most of that being semi thick woods and then a good sized prairie like lot between the woods and the playground. So having a gun is well within my rights as a landowner and American citizen. I also have a security system and signs posted along the outskirts of my property along the back end at least saying private property no trespassing. So I had plenty to"
1433,"AITA for finally finding the rotten smelling food in the refrigerator? This happened: I cleaned out the fridge today because it just needed to be emptied of old stuff. For a few weeks now people have been noted something smells rotten in there. Nevertheless, we had not been able to find it. Lo and behold, today I find the tiniest, most nondescript tupperware of raw meat in there. I turn to the folks in the living room and say ""I think I found what's been stinking the place up."" After some exchange of words, my stepfather, Bob, ultimately comes to the conclusion that it is my mother's fault--as she had some time ago cleaned the fridge and failed to find it. Stepfather Bob notes that he himself had noticed this small tupperware previously in the fridge--but he did nothing about it. I was not trying to blame anyone, but I casually mention that we all screwed up in not finding it earlier, basically saying nobody is really to blame because we all failed to find it. But Stepfather Bob persists it's my mother's fault that the fridge smelled because she had cleaned the fridge and not found it. I'm steadfast in that it's nobody's fault in particular. But in slightly joking response, I note that at least we had cleaned the fridge before, whereas he had not even attempted to clean the fridge. I figure it's worth at least some credit that she cleaned the fridge previously trying to find the tupperware whereas he complained about the smell and still did nothing about it. He disagrees. Despite this, he repeats having noted the tupperware before, and I question why, if he was troubled by the smell, and he noted something odd about this particular tupperware, he nevertheless did nothing about it. Simply put, the tupperware was somewhere on his radar and he did nothing, whereas at least my mother and I made efforts to clean the tupperware, and it eventually turned up when I cleaned the fridge. He bolsters his argument by analogizing: if I pay a car mechanic to do a particular job, and the mechanic does something different, it's the mechanic's fault. I agree with this, but it's a false equivalency. The mechanic is a professional who is paid to use his trained expertise to do a job that actually matters. Cleaning the fridge is a menial household chore. In sum, to him, we deserved no credit for taking so long to find the rotten smell because it was us who had previously undertaken to find it, and failed. That is, we did the job, and did it wrong. On the flipside, because he had never undertaken to find it, he is not to blame. I'm not mad about this at all, and it wasn't a real argument. I'm just humored and surprised by what I believe was his mental gymnastics. Reddit, am I out of touch with reality or am I actually the asshole?"
1434,"AITA for not attending my sister's wedding? Will spare y'all a history of family drama but I really would appreciate an objective opinion on this. I am the oldest of three. My middle sister, who is three and a half years younger announced her engagement. Her and I have had a pretty tumultuous relationship to say the least, and about 7 years ago we mutually decided to cut one another out of each other's lives completely. She's the first one of us to get married and I know it'd break my parents' heart if not all of their children were there for that moment but I really, truly, never want to see her again. And I know she feels the same way. This is a decision I have thought a lot about and I feel strongly that I would not regret it. But I know at the end of the day I am depriving my parents this family/Kodak moment because I don't want to see her again. I just feel as though I have the right to be selfish in this instance. I'm the asshole, right?"
1435,"AITA for not letting my neighbor throw his waste in the skip I hired? So I finally got my dad to throw away a lot of old furniture that is either broke, outdated or just taking up space. there was a fair bit of stuff to throw away and so I hired a skip to dispose of this waste. Now for my neighbor, he has had old rubbish, furniture and a whole list of waste which he was wanted to get rid of for about a year now. he leaves it there in his garden and it has piled up, now to the point where he has nowhere left to put it. So there I was today, putting all the rubbish into my skip, when he he asks if he can put his rubbish in my skip. Just to reiterate, there is enough stuff in his garden that it wouldn't fit in 2 trucks. A LOT of shit. I say I don't think there will be room because there is a lot of furniture to go in the skip and he responds saying ""but they don't charge by weight for the skip"" (which is true). I then simply told him no because I felt he was holding on to his shit, just to dump it in someone else skip to save a few quid. He gave me a look and walked away muttering something, and so I continued. When I was finished, the skip was reasonably full, but on the lower end. There was definitely room for more stuff, but not his entire collection. Maybe a quarter. I said nothing and the skip was collected today. Was I the asshole for not letting him put his stuff in the skip, since it wouldn't have charged me any more?"
1436,"AITA for not giving a long time somewhat ex friend a birthday present? Some background info; I'm 18, & so is everyone else in this story. To make a loooong long story short; I was close friends with a group of friends, but me & Derek had our differences & decided not to be friends anymore. Our friend group claimed to not pick sides & I thought everything was fine until I realized they were intentionally not inviting me places, ignoring me, & (most likely) talking behind my back, among other things. I decided to brush most of this off because as long as I ignored Derek, everyone acted fine & I could deal with it, until around two weeks ago. Everyone in the group started acting very outwardly different, & treating me pretty bad. I got really fed up & decided it was time to just cut ties, bc I have a lot going on & I don't have time to be dealing with petty drama like this. Things were pretty whatever, until someone from the groups birthday came around. I had bought her a birthday present before she started treating me really bad, but the way she was treating me the days leading up to her birthday made me doubt if I should give it to her or not. It's now been a few days since her birthday, and I still don't know if I should bother giving her the present or not. I don't want to like, reward her bad behavior, but I also don't want to become the asshole by not giving her the gift. TL;DR friends ditch me to be friends with someone else/over petty drama & start treating me really poorly. someones birthday comes up & I don't know if I'm the asshole for not giving her a present for her birthday."
1437,"AITA For Getting Irritated That My Husband Invited His Mom To Stay With Us? Apologies for the length. I have a feeling I know what the answer to this is, but I still wanted to ask unbiased people just in case I am redeemable. I have been debating whether or not to post this, not sure if i really wanted to know what an ass I am, but i must know if for no other reason than to help me be a better wife in the future. If I am truly the ass hole that I am afraid I am, I accept your verdict. I want to be a good wife. Anywho we live in Florida where we were affected pretty heavily by Hurricane Irma. Literally everyone we know lost power, but for some reason we were extremely fortunate to still have our power much to our utter shock and joy. As you may know it is very hot in Florida even in September so I do sympathize with people without A.C. So my husband texts me at work asking me if his Mom could ""spend the night"". I did say yes, I mean after all she's his Mom. She's not the nicest person and treated him like shit as a kid and a horrible house guest but...his Mom nonetheless. I get home just after 4:30 and she is already there. When my hub got home and we were alone I asked him what time he saw my text as i had noticed it never said the message was ""read"" and he said at around 5:30, so I realized at that point that he had already invited her and she had been there since before I even said yes, let alone before he saw my response. I feel like he should have made sure I was ok with having her over. I would without a doubt make sure it was ok with him before having anyone stay with us, my parents included. Then there was the amount of stuff she had, where I immediately knew it was beyond just one night she was planning on staying. I asked him and he said ""It could be a few days"". The power company is saying it could be anywhere from 7-10 days for some. So I got pissed that he misled me about how long the stay would be. Yet another thing that irritated me is that i asked him to have her sleep on an air mattress in his office as not only would it be more comfy for her (it's a really nice air mattress) as our couch is not very comfortable to lay on because it has bucket-like seats, but I get up at 5am every morning for work and have my little morning routine (mainly drinking coffee while watching King of the Hill) and do not want to have to tip toe around someone on the couch. So he tells her he can blow up the air mattress so she can lay and be more comfortable and she just says"
1438,"AITA because I am a upset for finding out a lie that my ex stole from his drug dealer and I vouched for him because he told me he was robbed? This happened a few years back. My ex boyfriend(Steve), who I had just broken up with because I found out he was cheating on me, starts telling EVERYONE he was robbed of a QP -1200$ worth of weed. Well, I bought my stuff off the same dealer(Bill) he did. Apparently Steve was telling Bill it had to of been me who did it. Bill knew me and didnt believe that shit because if I had just stole a qp I would not be buying a quarter off him. Bill told me he didn't believe the story Steve told him, and thought that Steve just decided to not pay him. I vouched for Steve, and told Bill I didnt think Steve would do that. I start talking to Steve to sort this out, because that is just how I am. He plays up the story of someone breaking into his truck and stealing it. I tell him to talk to Bill because he is actually a good dude who would work it out where he could pay him bit by bit. I take $300 of my money to give to Bill to help Steve out and get the bridge mending. Well slowly but surely Steve starts paying him back. Steve pays him back about $700 of what he owed when Bill tragically died. Well, we move on with life and Steve and I are friends on and off. Well, recently we were hanging at my house talking and working on a game on my phone when I get a message from someone he doesn't like. He immediately sits back and acts like he is about to leave. I roll my eyes like whatever. For some reason he did not leave. Him getting robbed just randomly crossed my mind and I say, ""man, it is strange that it would have had to of been someone you know who did it and you still haven't found out. That's nuts!"" The robbery happened in '12 probably. He just looks at me and says "" I was never robbed we took all that weed and we smoked it and what we didn't smoke I sold and I brought Xanax and we did the Xanax."" My heart sank. . . I vouched for him and now he tells me this after 5 years! I just went quiet. I stopped talking because I think it is best to say nothing when upset. All I could think, sadly, is how glad I was that Bill was dead to not find this out. It didn't make it easier knowing I technically vouched for the girl he cheated on me with because she did most the drugs with him. I was upset inside, but i didn't yell or degrade him for this. I pride myself on remaining mostly calm even when I am seething inside. I am like a duck, calm"
1439,"AITA for not wanting to be my sisters baby sitter? Back story: When my nephew was a baby (he is now 4) my sister would force me to babysit by guilting me while I was also working 60+ hours a week as a nanny. I put that to a stop after about a year of her controlling every hour of my free time (I wish I were kidding) and have been VERY reluctant to babysit a much since because she is manipulative and rude to me when I can't and doesn't want to spend time with me unless I'm doing something for her. Since her recent divorce she has been getting forced over a lot at work, she works 2-11pm, so she would be getting forced over 11pm-7am. I have told her multiple times that I cannot be the only person available to watch my nephew bc I still work 50+ hours a week as a nanny on top going to school full time and simply just need my time off/need her to have someone reliable that isn't me. She can afford a sitter but has just never tried to find someone who can be available to her because 'she just doesn't trust anyone' and she claims she doesn't want to pay slot of money since the person would be sleeping anyways bc it's at night. This is not only straining our already difficult relationship but it's stressing me out because I work with kids SO much as it is and want to live my own life and have free time... Right now she is blowing my phone up bc she wants me to come over immediately after work today to watch him so she can work. I'm ignoring her because I know that she will start screaming at me when I say I can't and mentally I am just not capable, not to mention I have a major exam this week and need to study for it .... but I need to know. Reddit, am I the asshole here?"
1440,"AITA for this being my response to ex Trump supporters who are ""sorry"" for voting for Trump? Take your apology, and SHOVE IT. This is the America you wanted, and now you have to live with your choices. You made your bed now go lay down in it. You are a horrible person for voting for Trump, and you will never not be a horrible person. You just have to live with that from now on. I don't want to ""work together."" I don't want to ""bridge the gap."" All I care about is making sure you feel like shit for what you did. Because you did one of the worst things you could ever do as a human being. I care more about making sure you feel bad for what you've done then I do about getting anything done. I will not forgive you. I will never forgive you, and you're a fucking idiot if you think I or any other sensible Democrat will EVER forgive you for what you've done. You intentionally ruined our lives. You've intentionally taking away our ability to be happy. You are the worst people on earth. Fuck you, and I hope the rest of your life is miserable. You deserve nothing but pain and suffering for the rest of your life."
1441,"AITA for helping someone else win a round of a game? Obviously there's more to the story than the title suggests, and I'm going to try my best to be as unbiased and true to the story as possible. A few things you should know first: * We made this game, but everything has been pretty well documented including rules (which nobody broke, and everyone agrees with that statement) * There are seven levels, once you've completed the last round, you either have to go out, or have the least points of the people that completed that level when someone else finishes the round. * I was winning the game. So I was targeted for obvious reasons. * Anyone can pick up the top card of the discard on their turn. This one's important. The people: * I'm me, I'm talking as myself. * “David” is the person empathizing with me. * “Samantha” is the person most irritated with me. She's on her period 100% of the time, in and out of this story. * “Evan” is the person that plays after me. * “Mary” is the person that goes before me. --- -- The Story -- At the time this story starts, I'm already on the 6th level, and two others were as well, while the other two were on five. I was leading in the game, so I had been continuously targeted, but at this point I just got used to it, and did not make a big deal out of getting attacked (I was lucky to get a single turn in a round). I have four cards, and need eight (specific cards) to level up. I had two of the same cards (which is a good thing, but again I need eight), a wild, and some other card that didn't matter much. We went around a few times, and I finally get a turn. _My hand was horrible_, **so I discarded my wild.** Samantha was irritated that I'd do this, then the others noticed based on her irritation, they were mad. Of course Evan wasn't mad, but he was dumbfounded that I would discard that. And David understood why I did that. After a minute of Samantha and Mary questioning why I'd do it, _Evan picked up my wild_. -- This Was The Idea -- Let me explain: in case it wasn't obvious, I wanted this round to end. I had two out of eight cards, and I had a four card cap; if I had picked up cards I needed, I'd end up eventually discarding cards I needed. My situation was awful. I wanted to get rid of as many points as possible before the round ended. The wild has more points than other cards. -- Back To The Story -- People(Samantha mainly) were arguing with me against my choice, but I'm not going to try to look innocent, I argued my reasoning too (which I already explained above) and spoke a bit loud, but people weren't happy (except David, he understood why I did what I did)."
1442,"AITA for being disappointed with a trip my bf planned and a possible engagement ring? My boyfriend planned a trip for us. I had a parent pass away and had been having a hard time at work so he wanted to do something nice for me and fun for us once the dust settled. He picked a location that is fun, but probably not one that I would've picked. I went with it because it was a free trip and I know he was trying to be kind. Some issues here...he travels pretty extensively and if it's somewhere he wants to go, nothing will stop him. Recently I've had the option to go on the expansive trips he's gone on (but my parent was dying so that was a no-go) or have our trips be relegated to weekends only. He can miss work for 10 days at a time, 2 months apart to go somewhere of his choosing, but when I ask him to miss a Friday of work to visit a university with me for a doctoral program 6-8 weeks out, he has to 'wait and see'. So, this weekend getaway was shaping up nicely. We visited some friends in the city. I was under the impression that we'd end up visiting the friends during the day and that we'd do something on our own and maybe a nice dinner in the evening. It ended up being a full day visit with his friends and now he's dropped me off at the hotel and he's out hanging with his pal. I'm annoyed at this but that's not the end of the world. What really has me disappointed/pissed is that we've recently been discussing engagement. BF makes good money. And he likes quality things. He will spare no expense for something that he wants. Today he made the comment that he hopes I'm ok with an $800 engagement ring. I'm not a gold digger...but seriously? There are a few rings that I like in the $2800-$5000 range. BF will spend that on a trip. He'll spend $1200 on any random day of the week on some electronic item or a single flight. I feel like he does things for me without really considering what I actually want. AITA for being disappointed about this trip and the talk of the engagement ring?"
1443,"AITA for wanting to end a friendship when they've done nothing wrong? I have been ""friends"" with a girl I know for 8-9 ish years. There's nothing specific she has done, but I just really don't like her personality and I think she is kind of annoying and bossy. Plus she is a really clingy friend and won't ever take a hint. She never lets me just ghost her like a lot of people might do, and get the hint. Our friendship kind of started when I invited her to hang out with my group in high school, but then I got sick of her really quick and unfortunately I have let it go on forever. I just wanna know... AITA for wanting to just end our friendship..?"
1444,"AITA for calling someone out for not giving me a ride? Hi all! A good friend of mine recently took a roadtrip to see his long distance girlfriend in a different city. Its about a four drive to a city that is widely considered a popular tourist destination. Me and a mutual friend offered to pay for gas and snacks for him to give us a ride as well (we said we leave on his schedule). AND we said we would uber to/from his final destination (his gf's house) to an airbnb by the beach, so as to not inconvenience him by forcing him to drop us off across town. Pretty good deal right? He declined it, and refused to give an actual reason as to why he didn't want to. Which seemed weird to me considering we were offering him a solution that would in no way inconvenience him, and eliminate his costs for the road trip. At the time I assumed that maybe he just wanted the solitude of the drive (which I was totally fine with), and forgot about it. Two weeks pass and he is attempting to leave for the trip, when I get home from class to find a woman Ive never seen before waiting in his car. It turns out that he was giving that girl a ride to/from this city, AND he was going 25 mins out of his way to drop her off at her friends house. When I asked him what was going on he was visibly flustered, obviously embarrassed that I caught him with this girl, doing the exact thing he told his two best friends wouldn't work for him. Am I right to be mad at him for doing this? Its one thing for him to want to drive alone, but to tell us he doesn't want the ""inconvenience and free trip"" only to give some side-chick a ride ON A TRIP TO SEE HIS GIRLFRIEND kind of rubs me the wrong way. Edit: For what it is worth I just found out they split gas. Which essentially means he paid to give this girl a ride, in my opinion solely motivated by a desire to cheat on his girlfriend for what would be the third time."
1445,"AITA for stopping talking to this girl because of how she acted on this trip? Okay, so I haven't written a long text post before so forgive me if quality is lacking. For context, I met this girl and we spoke on our college class Facebook page and we talked basically non stop for 5 months after. She ended up having to come next year instead of this year, but is about 2 hours away from the college. I am from the other side of the country. Before I left for school we ended things due to neither of us wanting a ldr. She visited two weeks ago and we hung out and I was right back to being into her. By the way, when we texted she would get upset if I was away for even like 20 minutes and would get mad if I went to hang out with friends instead of text her. I'm aware this is a huge red flag already but I didn't care. Anyway, after hanging out at my college she invited me to stay with her at her house and then go on a trip with her and her friends in a nearby city. The day at her house went amazing and it only cemented my feelings. Then, she spent the majority of our trip there on her phone or talking to her other friends. She was literally constantly on her phone and basically ignoring me. At a pregame for a party I texted her I was thinking about going back to school as I've been having problems feeling isolated (which I have talked to her about a lot) and being in a strange city while being ignored by her made it so much worse. Instead of just talking to me which would've solved the problem, she was mad at me because she wanted to party and I was ruining her time. She said if she knew I would be like this she wouldn't have wanted me to come. I was stuck for one more day though and she hated everything I did and was constantly annoyed by me. While driving back to her hometown she snapped at me about 5 times for either moving around or biting my nails or singing. I called her an asshole and it was silence from her after that. I can be very annoying but I never would expect her to act this way to me. She then picked up her friend from her hometown for the way back to drop me off 2 and half hours away while ignoring me the entire way even when I tried to start conversation, so I was forced to be silent. I then sent her an angry text which did not attack her as a person but instead described why each event had made me so upset with her. I said she was shitty for doing all of that and that she wasted my time. She said two hours later ""srry! won't waste ur time anymore"" and I blocked her on everything."
1446,"AITA For getting fed up about dishes I live in an apartment style college residence. There are 4 of us living in this unit, three of us lived together last year. Last year, 1 of the girls and I had gotten into a full blown screaming match with each other, with dirty dishes being the straw that broke the camel's back. The fight stemmed from the fact that I could never get my dishes clean because no one else ever did theirs. I would do everyone's dishes just to have a clean kitchen. I would load up the dishwasher, run it, flip the sign I made to let them know clean dishes were in there. Then they'd sit until I unloaded it. Repeat for about 3 months. Dishes that can't go in the dishwasher would pile up until I washed them and they'd sit in the drying rack until I put them all away. Repeat for 3 months. The roomies would tornado through the kitchen and fuck it up, I'd scrub the stovetop and pick the food out of the burners, clean the microwave weekly because no one covered their food. Wipe the counters down etc. Repeat for 3 months. Eventually I said fuck it, and stopped. After we got back from break I said that I wasn't cleaning up after everyone, and they seemed thrown off but agreed. About a month later, I had a severe allergic reaction and was rushed to the hospital nearly in anaphylactic shock. Thankfully we literally live across the street from a hospital so I was treated immediately and it didn't get that bad. I was a little fucked up for the next few days, I'm super sensitive to most drugs and I had a bunch of stuff I've never taken before injected straight into my veins. So the day after I started living again, I went downstairs and found a super passive aggressive note that basically said ""we'd appreciate it if you did your dishes. You know how it feels to have others push their mess on you, please don't do it to us"" I had left my crockpot out, I had made soup for everyone and by the time I was done cleaning up I literally didn't have the strength to wash it. A part of me thought that they might have even washed it, as a thanks for making them dinner and because they knew how bad I felt. I lost it. I had just recovered from having a scary health experience, to this day I have no idea what I'm so severely allergic to. I was behind on assignments, some of my profs were being fucks about me missing 3 days (first day was reaction, second day was me being weak and pukey, third day was me giving myself a day to try to catch up and feel closer to 100%) of school. I'm in an engineering program, we have an attendance mandate and can't miss more than a certain amount of hours. Government standards. Anyway, we were all super stressed, after"
1447,"AITA for refusing to let my boyfriend buy a motorcycle? I'm not really the most controlling person. This is my first relationship, so I've prided myself on being easy going with him, until he told me he wanted a motorcycle. I've had 2 relatives die in motorcycle accidents, and I've heard countless stories of friends of friends who have died in motorcycle accidents. It isn't a money thing, I flat out told him he could put the money he would've put into a motorcycle into his dream car (which I'm basically fine with. My dad had a sports car growing up and I always hated it because we could've afforded so many other things, but if that's my bf's dream, I can respect that). The motorcycle, on the other hand is a safety thing. He's not the most coordinated guy ever and I just can't picture him barreling down the highway on a glorified bicycle. Anyway, he's brought it up twice and I've told him no, explained again why it's a hard no, then ended the discussion. He wanted to argue about his family member who ride who aren't dead yet, but I just kept refusing to discuss it further. I just don't see myself ever being ok with it and I'm not sure what else there is to discuss. I could discuss it with him more, but it's just gonna end in more stonewalling him, which makes me super uncomfortable. I've brought it up to a couple friends and have been called a controlling partner. I just wanted to run it by what you guys thought."
1448,"AITA for thinking making a meal isn't really a service if I have to clean up the mess? My love language is service, and my S.O. knows it. Occasionally she will go out of her was to make a nice meal. Background: In our relationship it has worked out best if we trade laundry (her chore) for cleaning the kitchen (my chore) as we both hate doing one and don't mind the other. When she cooks, the kitchen is usually trashed by the end of it. I have tried to express that I'd honestly rather eat ramen than have to deal with that kind of a mess. (I know that is an asshole thing to say so I've tried not to word it that way). She's usually upset because in her mind she's done me a favor, but in mine I've just paid for dinner by cleaning up a big mess and honestly it's a trade I'd usually not go for if I were given the choice upfront. Am I the asshole?"
1449,"AITA when my friend lost $20 to a homeless woman Ok so this was awhile ago so the details are abit hazy. A few months ago I visited Baltimore with my longtime friend who just moved down to the area. Before we left we carefully emptied our wallets to have the minimum amount of cash (because we're both paranoid and sheltered kids fresh out of college and neither of us had been to Baltimore ever although we know it has a really bad reputation). Anyway so I had maybe 15 on me but he only had a 20 as his smallest bill so he kept that. This will be relevant later. Anyway after a really shitty day of getting lost on the bus system in Baltimore (although the aquarium was dope) we left to get on the light rail. it unfortunately had broken down so an old black woman started making conversation with us. Eventually after talking to us for like 10 minutes she asked us if she could have $16 to buy formula for her grandchild. The shuttle had just come so neither of us wanted to leave to go to CVS (i think we said this verbally). she kind of started pleading and neither of us wanted to give her anything. eventually my friend looked at me and was like hey ""do you have any money"" and i was like ""um no you have $20"" and so then he handed her the $20. then she left and after that we got in a big fight so eventually i just agreed that he didn't have to pay me back for lunch so that we were even (he owed me $10 for lunch) but yeah i don't think i'm the asshole cuz I distinctly remember he deflected on me first but his argument is that i'm the asshole because I said he had an exact number. edit: I did not say he had $20 out of any sort of malice. i felt like i was being thrown under the bus first and so i panicked and said he had $20 because i remembered emptying cash out his wallet that morning at the apt. if he had said to her ""i don't any cash. [my name] do you have any cash?"", i wouldn't have then said he had $20 just to fuck him over. i thought he was trying to get me to give her cash as right beforehand we had been weighing our options to go to CVS (which we were both verbally said we willing to do in front of her but also said that we didn't want to miss the shuttle) edit2: i guess i should mention i never made him pay me back for utilities. we used to be roommates and each had a utility in our names and after the entire year he maybe owed me back like $30. if this hadn't happened i probably wouldn't have made him pay me back either so he's still coming out on top."
1450,"AITA Got in a fight with my SO because I used her phone for navigation when she needed it as well. Neither of us own a car. We went on a walk to get some clothes because we were leaving the state the next day (at about 3:00 AM). On the way home, we found a stray dog with tags. Neither of us were familiar with the area but I was familiar with the road we were on. I called the number on the tags and the family was out of state. Both of us decided that we should take the dog back to its home. We walked around for two hours trying to find the address. It was now close to 12:00. I was having trouble reading directions on her phone which was frustrating both of us. We needed to pack, so I told her I would take the dog and the phone and run, so that I could get there faster. I told her directions how to get home. Its also important to note that she is really bad at directions and I know this. But it was quite literally about 10 blocks straight. Make one left. And another 10 blocks straight. So I felt like she could do it. Got the dog home in about 15 minutes after that and start running back down the road. Got all the way home. She wasnt there. So I called an uber and had them drive around looking for her. When I got home in the car (around 1:00 AM), she got home. She was very obviously livid. I was mostly scared because I thought she was legitimately lost. She told me im an asshole for taking the phone since I knew she is bad with directions. I got mad because it was just one turn (albeit a long walk, but one we were planning anyway). She said it was my fault we were gonna miss the flight and told me she would not be going. She did end up going but she made me feel terrible that I took her phone when she agreed to it. Then I got mad because it felt like she was trying to make me feel worse by telling me she saw blood on the pavement, and that I took a car and made her walk, and so on. This was in Orem Utah."
1451,"AITA for almost never responding to a dating site message? For getting contact info and then having second thoughts? So I'm a guy, and I made a dating profile online because work and shit takes up a lot of my time, and I'm not really actively looking for anything, just seeing who's around and whatnot. Anyway, I made this profile a little over 2 weeks ago, and I already have 40 messages and 77 likes I haven't found yet. I've responded to maybe 3 of the messages because they were the only engaging ones in my inbox, the others were all just half-assed ""Hey"", ""Whats up"", or other minor effort messages. Am I an asshole for ignoring the other women? After talking with the three women I did respond to for a couple days, I kind of fell off the face of the earth even though all three conversations seemed to be going well. I'm really only attracted to one of them, and the other two seem to be genuinely good people. I have all three of their phone numbers and two of them were going to meet up with me. However after a week of boring conversations, I feel like I should just let it go. Would I be an asshole if I just forgot about these three women, and never contacted them again?"
1452,"AITA for thinking whoever gets in line first should go first? At the car wash, the queue splits into two lanes after you enter the driveway. This is done to avoid overflow onto the main road. Towards the end of the queue, traffic merges into a single line again. I arrived and waited in the left lane while the line barely moved. After four minutes, a pickup truck arrived and chose the right lane. As traffic inched forward, I saw him giving sideways glances at my car, so he knew I was there. Someone in my lane let two cars go in front of them because they had both gotten there before she had. As a result, the pickup truck got to the merge sooner and ended up side-by-side with me. Because I had seen the sideways glances and assumed he was trying to sneak ahead, I stayed right on the bumper of the car in front of me. I hate when people think they're clever and then cut in line. I explained that I was there for five minutes before he was. He starts yelling at me and saying it doesn't matter who got there first, claiming he didn't see who was there first and that it didn't matter because whoever got to the front of the merge first gets to go first. He calls me an asshole. I told him if he wants to get all worked up about it, that's his problem, but it was my turn and so I was going and that if I got in line first, I'm not cutting. I told him he should go ask the owner what his policy is. He said forget it and it's too late now. (There was still plenty of room for me to let him go if I wanted to.) I pay and wait in the designated area. At first he stays behind enough not to confront me out of his vehicle. I assume he's complaining to anyone who will listen about how someone cut in line. Eventually, he comes out and stands for a few minutes. Then he gets in my face and starts yelling about how he checked with the manager and the manager said he was right. I later checked with the owner who insisted that he told the guy we were all adults and should be able to work out whose turn it is. Not surprisingly, the owner is smart enough not to take sides. The owner suggested it happens and not to lose any sleep over it. Anyway, I stuck to my story and told the old man screaming in my face that I didn't do anything to wrong him and if he thinks I did, I'm sorry he feels that way. My car's ready, so I get in it and pull around to park and go in to ask the owner if he really said that and to give him feedback since it seems like it resulted in the guy screaming in my face about how he was right, but it turns"
1453,"AITA For not wanting to hang with the crew? Throw away because I don’t want my real account found out. I’ll try and trim all the fat and cut to the chase. This post is strictly “bro code” oriented, so I’m not sure if it’s the right sub but worth a shot. - 2 friends and I are out at a nice bar/club. David – who I’m really close with – and John who I met through David. John’s been out with us a few times. I considered John a bro by default, since David’s my bro and has been friends with John for so many years. - Another friend of David’s, Will, joins us and decides on his own that he wants to buy a bottle for all of us to share out of his own generosity. We have a table exclusive to us thanks to Will. I’ve briefly met Will before, but this is the first time I’ve actually started to get to know him. - While away from the table, a blonde girl in a sparkly dress catches my eye. I set on a stool next to where she was sitting, say “Hi, I like your sparkly dress” with a smile. She finishes whatever she was doing on her smart phone, smacks her hand on my shoulder, says “you’re not my type”, briefly using my shoulder as leverage to get up and walk away. EDIT: Let me emphasise this: ***she laid her hands on me in an aggressive manner.*** It wasn't just words. - Whatever, I get it. I’ve got a lot of experience approaching girls and never let it phase me. I know that there’s just some girls out there with low self-esteem and need to put down others in order to make themselves feel a semblance of self-adequacy. - I return to our table, and it turns out there’s 2 or 3 girls there, talking to Will and David, and also… The sparkly dress girl, who is a friend of those girls. - If I chipped in for the bottle/table, I would’ve told the sparkly dress girl that since I’m not her type, she should take a hike, or perhaps call her out and explain how putting other people down isn’t the solution to a low self-esteem. But since Will paid for it all, and was trying to get with one of her friends, I was put in an awkward spot. I was pissed. I told Will & David that she was very rude to me, and asked if I could tell her to fuck off our table. They shrugged their shoulders and didn’t give any clear answer. In hindsight, I wouldn’t have asked. I would’ve just not been at the table and gone solo for the night at the other parts of the bar/club. - Anyway, she got up to leave. However, before she left, John started talking to her, so I decided that fuck it, because: 1. A guy who paid for the table is trying to get with her friend and 2. A bro"
1454,AITA for asking my dad not to smoke in his house (v2.0) ###
1455,"AITA if I talk to a friend this girl doesn't know and isn't connected to in any way? I don't need to be very specific, you can ask for details if they're necessary. Friends with a girl who has a partner. She sent me a text saying she wanted to be less personal with me mostly with respect for her partner, but that I could ask her general questions. She said she suspected I had feelings for her and some other things. I am fully on her side and I don't want to talk to her more if she's uncomfortable when doing so. She also asked me to not talk to anyone else about this to avoid more awkwardness, which I of course also won't. I have no intentions of talking to a mutual friend. However, a similar situation in the past made me very upset, and I'm considering talking to a friend of mine who has absolutely no idea who the girl actually is. Am I still breaking her trust if I talk to this friend?"
1456,"AITA for being annoyed at my sister. Basically, my sister is 23 and I'm 21 and my mum wanted to help us so she bought us a car to share. Problem is my sister and I don't have the best working relationship due to complicated reasons that stem quite deep in our relationship. As a result of this, sharing the car becomes a big point of conflict between us. Also, she does not have her license but I do and she still feels entitled to equal use of it. We came to an agreement that I get it certain days of the week and she gets it Wednesdays and Saturdays (this was her suggestion). But these days she will suddenly message me that she needs it on the days I'm supposed to have it and makes it so its super inconvenient for me to get it back. I asked her about 8 months ago if we could save up together to buy a second car to share which she very reluctantly agreed to. But as of yet she has made no attempt despite working 20 hours a week and being a student living at home. She does have some debt so I understand it's harder to save but she is very uncooperative and doesnt seem remotely interested in the idea and has taken no steps. Im also a student and work less then her and I am willing to save up to buy it. So this leaves me in a position where I either have to buy a car myself while she gets a free new car paid by our parents, or continue sharing the car which is also difficult because I want to move out. **Edit: Just to something that I didn't make clear before, my sister has her learners permit so yes, she does require a licensed driver to be using the car. The 70/30 split was her idea when we discussed it because she said she needed those days to learn and more was a bit silly because she would require a fully licensed driver to use it and she wouldn't have that 50% of the time. So the 2 days was the days she would have access to my parents and be able to practice to get her license. But now she's just wanting to use it all the time by herself, without a license. Which my mother isnt happy about but my sister is quite overbearing and my mother can't stand her ground. When I was on my learners she wouldn't let me use the car by myself but since I got my full license my sister has been wanting to use it by herself more and more.**"
1457,"AITA for trying to protect our home from a visitor Background I live with my SO and his mother, his sister in the past has said some very rude comments to me and saying things like ""you don't count"" ""you aren't allowed to have an opinion you aren't a mother"" and ""you don't have a choice, you have to have kids"". She has never said a positive thing in the nearly 19 years I've been with my SO to me or him. She has 3 kids, the youngest (13) has always been a problem when she visits (like smear shit all over the walls, use our toothbrushes to wash something who knows what just know there was soap in the bristles, picking the dog up by her ears, playing in the clothes dryer, putting food in the dryer, just holding the water open from the fridge without a cup there so it goes on the floor, stealing anything she can including her grandmothers very sentimental cross necklace) so she cannot be left unsupervised. Today is his mother's birthday and the sister calls and says I'll be there in 15 min for the cake (ignoring that we arent quite ready for them since SO was still at the office and wouldn't be home for 2 hours.) I go quick hid the toothbrushes (i wish i was kidding) and try to get the laundry out of the machines (was too wet) They arrive and she goes straight for the water dispenser but i had locked that, then she starts going into the cabinets saying she wants chips, i tell her no and hold the door closed. Then for the dog, i should just let the dog bite her but im afraid the dog will get punished not the kid so i get between her and the dog. eventually she is occupied by the cupcakes and i had grabbed a plastic cup and put it with the glass ones for her so she doesnt break her grandmother's glasses so she is content for a bit. but of course that didnt last. she starts saying she wants soda (we werent expecting them so there wasnt any in the fridge) i say no have water, she wont stop and starts going through the fridge. i hold that closed. she goes to the bathroom, our water makes alot of noise so i know she didnt flush or wash her hands. I tell her to go back in and flush and wash. she washes up giggling (never flushed). now this whole time she has been making this really high pitch screeching noise that she was told numerous times by her grandmother to stop since it was making the dog crazy. eventually she is told to just sit on the couch next to her sister while her mother is getting loud about politics, i leave the room cause i was raised never talk religion or politics and went down the hallway to message my SO that his mother was getting pissed about the conversation. I come back down a few"
1458,"AITA for wanting to kick annoying users from my Discord server? I run a Discord server for people who watch my YouTube channel with about 75 members. A majority of the active users are friendly and have serious conversations with each other. I want to keep building a community like this, in which people above all respect each other. Then there is a handful of users that come on and do nothing but shitpost and act rude to other members, or just talk back and forth to each other rather than using direct messages. I feel like this starts turning away people just joining the community, or even people who have been in the server for months. I've tried making containment channels for stuff like this, and I've even tried talking to a lot of these users directly, explaining this, but nothing has changed. Am I the asshole for wanting to get rid of these people to preserve the sense of community I have in this server?"
1459,"AITA for wanting to distance myself from my close friend for a better grade in college. In the past year throughout college I've made a new friend from my old high school who I've gotten pretty close with. It was great to have someone to talk to who I already knew for that first year. The issue was, we get along really well and had the same lessons so whenever it came to the time to work we'd get nothing done. This had a really negative affect on my grades and coming around to the second year I don't want this to happen again. I've made this clear to my friend but he still tries to distract me when I'm working. The way I've decided to deal with this problem is to just get on with what I'm doing, put in some headphones and just nod or smile whenever he says something to me. I'd attempt to make a genuine response to what he's saying but I know I have zero self control and I'll end up chatting to him all day plus I get so much more work done when I do this. He doesn't care about his grades but I really do and don't want to sacrifice them. Am I a dick for doing this or is it just what's right? Update: Just a little clear up here that when I say ""college"" I'm British so it's free. It's just that a few people were talking about me paying for it and I wanted to clear out any further potential confusion."
1460,"AITA for setting a relatively low limit on how much I’ll spend on my rescue dogs health? 1.5-2 years ago we rescued a Greyhound. She was super cheap ($300) as they’re putting these dogs down regularly when they’ve stopped racing. We also fostered a 2nd dog while they waited for their full-time home. He was a confident, funny, cool, calm dog. Our full-time is quiet, depressed, anxious, shy, timid. She’s started to cost money. She’s always had shit teeth, and gums. She’s going in for her 3rd scale and clean in 2 years. The first two the adoption agency covered, but that’s no longer an option. The vet is talking $700 scale and clean, and potential extractions, plus $80-$120 a month for antibiodics and steroids, along with daily cleans. The steroids are likely to cause liver damage in a few years. I’ve told my wife that this is the last scale and clean she gets, and if the steroids are required full time, the expense is too high for us. Potential $700 a year plus potential $1440 in meds, and daily cleans. “So what?! We put her down?!” “I mean... yeah?.... They’re killing Greyhounds daily. We tried to save this one, but she’s fucked. Depressed, separation anxiety, and fucked teeth. We tried, it didn’t work, we can try save another one with a better disposition.” According to my wife I’m a heartless asshole."
1461,"AITA for getting pissed off at my roommate's alarm? TL;DR: My roommate sets alarms early and doesn't get up to them, so I make sure he's always late to class. (Update st bottom.) My roommate and I have been good friends for about 15 years--it's why we're roommates. Being that we go to a university, we share a room, and we share an apartment with two other friends. That's really all the background you need; if you'd like more, ask in the comments, please. My roommate--we'll call him Joe--is not a morning person. At all. I am, on the other hand. Regardless, he sets alarms at 5:45 that are incredibly loud, which is fine with me. The thing is, the guy doesn't wake up to them, no matter how much I call his name. So, I get up because I can't sleep with his alarm going off. Now, to be fair, my alarm goes off at 6:00, but I give myself a 20-minute buffer to lie in bed and relax before I actually get up. With his alarm, I can't, so I've been getting up at 5:45 each day. Now, I've been getting pretty pissed off at this, so I've stopped trying to wake him up because I know nothing will come of it. Here's the part that I'm struggling with: Joe has class at 8:00, and he sets his alarms so early _just so he can wake up at 8:00_. I wish I were exaggerating, and a lot of you may think I am, but I hope you guys can believe me. What I've been doing is just not waking him up and putting my headphones in so I'm not distracted by his alarm. He's been waking up closer to 8:15 and missing his class, which has been my petty revenge to him. Also, for those of you wondering, when I get up, I take care to be quiet. At first it was to be respectful of everyone else's sleep (ironic because my roommate obviously doesn't feel the same), but now it's to ensure that he sleeps in late. Am I the asshole?"
1462,"AITA : staying in the right lane when there were signs telling traffic to go to the left lane. This might be fun. I kind of already know what to expect from y'all. Here goes. Driving home from work every day involved a stretch of highway about 12 miles long. Went from the edge of the city to a bridge. There are 3 exits along this stretch. When this highway gets backed up all the alternative routes get backed up as well. I have been driving this route for enough years to know that going an alternative way when the road backs up is pointless. One day as I approached this stretch I saw some new signs warning of upcoming road construction and to get in the left lane. Myself, as well as all the traffic immediatly and ditifully does so. Traffic immeidatly grinds to a halt. Stop and go traffic until the contstruction. As I progress through this 2 things start to stress me. The first, the road construction is NOWHERE. We hit the first exit - no construction. 2nd exit - no construction. 3rd exit - no construction. Just before the bridge - construction. That godamned sign should have been put up just beore the 3rd exit, all of us had sat in stop and go traffic - for 12 miles - needlessly. The 2nd thing I noticed is that there was NO ONE AT ALL in the right lane AND there was NO REASON AT ALL for no one in that lane. No cones to stop people. No barrells No construction. Nothing. Just a sign every couple of miles telling people to get the fuck over - and absolute emptiness. Took me well over an hour to get through the mess that day. 2nd day comes and I sit in the traffic for a little bit - then say, 'Fuck this running.'. I get into the right lane and ride it to about a 1/4 mile before the bridge and merge in. 3 months. 3 fucking months there was that construction. During those 3 months every damned day I ignored the merge signs until a 1/4 mile before the bridge. The position of the signs never changed. Traffic never wised up. Now here is the thing. People didn't get agitated - they got full-on pissed off. Every day in this traffic I got stares from assholes in the left lane. People in cars would do things like cut me off just before I passed them. I got honked at. Truck drivers. Holy shit truck drivers. They would drive in the right lane and keep pace with the left lane so people like me had no ability to take advantage of the empty lane. So who is the asshole here?"
1463,"AITA for disagreeing with a friend that making characters explicitly gay shouldn't be a thing in media? So basically me and a mate got into a discussion about tracer in overwatch (a bit late I know but I don't play the game). We got onto the discussion of tracer being outed as lesbian and disagree over whether it was the right thing to do or not. He says yes because it exposes the public to gays and makes them more accepted in mainstream media. I said that if you want to increase acceptance of gays, making a deal of someone being gay or straight is just increasing the alienation by making it into something special and different so it should just be left ambiguous unless it is necessary to the story (eg if the character is married, then you obviously need to decide their sexuality). And if that does happen, don't have an 'announcement' for it, just let it happen. I don't think I'm the ass here, am I?"
1464,"AITA for not wanting to be around my mom because she smokes cigarettes I started staying away from my mom and staying at my dads house because she smokes a lot. I hate being around cigarette smoke and it is so disgusting to me. I told her that I wanted her to atleast stop smoking around me, but she still does. I told her I was going to stop spending the night with her until she could realise how much I dislike it. I still love her very much and this doesn't affect our mother and son relations... But I can't stand to be around them."
1465,"AITA for not getting my GF a christmas gift while she's abroad? Hi AITA. Please do note that nothing has come of this yet, and I haven't decided what to do. I just feel like an asshole for considering not getting her anything and want to know if I should. My GF decided to do a year in central South America to do voluntary work. We are both from northern Europe and have been together for about 4 months. I can't send her anything as the workers at the education center has told her to tell people not to send packages because of theft, so sending something is out of the question. However, she still expects a gift from me, and she has gotten me something (even though I told her to not get me anything since it would be hard for me to get her something) by telling her best friend from here to deliver a thing she found online. My idea was to do what she did and get one of her newly added facebook friends to get something for her, but I don't know how I can find something from the other side of the globe. The only way I can think of is to ask one of her new friends to run around town for me, but it feels strange to ask that to someone that has known her for a month and doesn't know her that well. It also doesn't feel as the gift would be personal, which is something I value more than the gift itself. I'm therefore leaning more towards not getting her a gift, am I an asshole for this?"
1466,"AITA for skipping a showing of a film I worked on to finish homework? A few months ago I helped a friend shoot a short film for a competition. It took an entire day, but I'm a huge cinephile and I loved being a part of it, even though I had never done it before and wasn't the best at the job they gave me (at least in my retrospective opinion). The film was finally finished a week or two ago, and earlier this month everyone involved was told to clear their calendar for a showing this last Friday at 7:30PM. I was so ready to see the final product. I also started online classes this Fall, at a school that is located on the other end of my state (live in NW FL, school is near Miami). The class I have the most issues with is one about designing circuits and understanding logic in electronics. I really enjoy the content, and I think I'm picking it up fairly well. After Irma hit, all of my classes extended the deadlines for our current lessons and assignments, a very understandable move given what had happened. Even though I wasn't personally affected where I lived, I did my best to adjust, and had planned to have all of my work done by Friday evening so I could go to the showing. In my circuit class, the assignment and section quiz were due at 11PM on Friday, however on Monday I saw that none of the video lectures were uploaded, so I contacted the teacher. He told me he had recorded the lectures and sent them to the e-learning center to be uploaded, and at this point there was nothing he could personally do. By Wednesday, only a few of the lectures were available, and one was still not added. I contacted the teacher again asking if the quiz and HW deadlines would be extended once the final lecture was uploaded, he told me they wouldn't. So I watched every lecture available and did as much homework as possible given what I had available to me. Come Friday, the final lecture (which covered a part of the chapter I had difficulty picking up just reading from the book on my own) is uploaded at Noon. Now, I work full time, and usually get off work around 5PM. The showing for the film was at 7:30, and I had a feeling I wouldn't get home in enough time to meet my 11PM deadline if I went. So I tried my best to get through the last lecture, take the chapter quiz, and finish and submit the homework in the ~2 hours I had to spare. Of course, I didn't make it to the showing. The lecture was almost an hour by itself, the quiz took me nearly a half hour, and I was working on the homework until around 9. During all this, the friend who originally asked me to help with the film project, texted me asking if I had been able to make it"
1467,"AITA for forcing out my roommate? Roommate and I lived together for four years prior to this. We were casual friends. We had different hobbies and interests, but would try to do something together about once a month (get dinner, see a movie, etc.) Roomie is unlucky in love. In the four years we've been together, he's broken off two engagements. For one of these girls, I went pretty out of my way to get them together - think lending large amounts of money and agreeing to vacate the premises a few nights. Anyway, it didn't work out. He paid me back all the money with the exception of about 60 bucks which I shrugged off as water under the bridge. Finally, he gets his last girlfriend. I'm happy for him, everything is great. Then he moves her in. He tells me that he's having a 'friend' over for dinner one day and I happily agree and then she never goes home. It's fine, they're in their honeymoon period. Except two weeks go by and she's still here. At this point I sit him down and say she can't live here. It's annoying and also violates our lease. He says that her apartment is old and not as clean and that he 'needs to take care of her'. I say, sucks to be her, that's the apartment she decided to rent. He says fine. So starting from that talk, she still lives here, except she goes home at midnight and shows up at 8 in the morning. Weekends, she stays over. I hate this. She monopolizes the bathroom in the morning, her hair clogs the shower drain, they're using the kitchen and the shared living spaces all the time, including the TV, and every time I try to use any of these spaces they stop cuddling/talking/whatever and stare at me until I leave. I get so uncomfortable that I become a hermit in my room. One day I come home and she has five suitcases in our living room. Finally, after over two months of this, I tell him that I'm going to report them to our landlord. His response is to move out, and find a subletter, which is also not allowed. I could report this, but I decide I don't care, as long as his share of the rent keeps coming in. He also tries to take half my furniture on the way out, which I wouldn't have noticed if I hadn't come home early and found his friends carting off my table. Fast forward to today, who could have possibly seen this coming? this girl breaks up with him and now he wants to be friends again. I send him a text saying that he's a shit friend for fucking me over for two months, and we're through unless he apologizes. He responds saying that I'm immature, that adults understand that couples have different needs, that threatening to report him was way out of line and I was being a dick about it the whole time. He says I"
1468,"AITA for not making sure my friends made it to the movies? I asked our group text of around 15 people 3 days ago if anyone wanted to see a movie. 3 people said ""yes"". Me, S, P, and L. We all organized rides and such. Only S and I have cars. Mines a two seater, and S isn't legally allowed to carry more than one passenger. I was picking P up, and S was taking him home. L had organized her own ride. It's 45 minutes before the movie, and I say Im coming to pick P up in 15 minutes . At this point, 3 more of our friends say they want in. None of them have cars or tickets (again, 45 minutes). We say they theyre welcome to come if they can. After that, I leave to get P, and meet S and L at the theater. The next day, we find our other 3 friends LIVID with us for ""not inviting them"". ?!?!?! We physically/legally couldn't have given them rides, and we're all teenagers who can afford their own movie tickets, and S and I both have 3 of our friends mad at us for not... honestly I have no idea what we were supposed to do. Am I the asshole? EDIT: Thanks for the answers guys. I'm glad to hear I'm not crazy."
1469,"AITA for warning my mother of a potential paedophile? So my younger brother (We'll call him Dave) goes to a ""Christian"" summer camp, and there is a counselor that had only been there for a small while. He got a small group of kids together before the parents came by to pick them up, and apparently told them that he wanted to organize a little get-together a few days after camp was over. This is where the red flags start. He never told the parents anything. He never said a *word* to any adult about this event. He gave the kids a vague outline of the details, only giving a date, and what he supposedly planned to do: Go to a church (which he also didn't name) and have a short Bible study, which we do at our church anyway. No last name, no phone number, nothing. So Dave doesn't say much about it on the way back, and we go up to our father's house for the weekend. Dave asks him, and gets an immediate ""no"", due to how dangerous the situation could be. He gets a short lecture about it, and at the end of the weekend, we are picked up by our mother to go back home. I explain the situation to my mother, and she says that he can. I warn her that he could potentially (note that word) be a paedophile, and she immediately begins yelling at me for being ""judgmental"". She says that I shouldn't assume the worst (which I didn't, I only pointed out the possibility), and that it is unfair to the man to assume that he *is* a paedophile. I tell her that I am not assuming anything, and that I am just saying that there is a possibility. Eventually I convince her (after a lot of repetition) that he shouldn't go to the event. Am I an asshole for warning her that she *could* lose her son forever? Edit: spelling"
1470,"AITA for not telling my friend she was adopted? So here's the situation, a friend of mine is adopted and she doesn't know. The reason I know and she doesn't is cause her aunt told my mom and my mom told me. I feel bad for not telling her since I feel she has a right to know but I also feel that it isn't my place to be the one to tell her or get involved in the situation at all. Am I an asshole?"
1471,"AITA for getting pissed at my friend saying ""lol"" and becoming distant when I'm trying to have a conversation? When I say friend, I mean a good friend. A bit of backstory, this was on Snapchat and I was trying to talk about how much shit I'm going through and how said friend wasn't really there for me. And, just to be clear, I had always been there for him and I always used to chat with him with as much attention as I could offer. He suddenly started replying with short messages and repeating lol on repeat like he was some cool guy who was too good for me. He's been an asshole to me ever since and I don't know what to do. I just want to be friends again, but I don't want to suck up and apologize unless I know it was my fault. Thoughts?"
1472,"AITA for making my class leave late? So I was at a school dance last week where I met a cute girl who wanted to dance with me. For context, many schools were at this dance, and there were several other girls in my class. This girl was not from my school. The dance was supposed to be over at 12, but everyone else in my group wanted to leave at 10:30. This girl ASKED me to dance and I couldn't say no being a gentleman. It was about 10:32 when everyone from my class was flipping out at me because they absolutely needed to get home, but later I found out all they did was sleep. So reddit, AITA?"
1473,"AITA for telling my roommate his girlfriend can't move in to our apartment? Best friend of 10+ years decides to move in w me while I'm at college. He has a girlfriend of 1 year who is just an overall awful person, constantly degrades him in front of us, yells at him, etc. She came and visited for 2 weeks less than a month after we move in. Right after she left he came to me and my other roommate and asked if it was okay for her to move in with us. We both told him no we weren't okay with that. Keep in mind we have a 3 bedroom 2 bathroom house, and I would have had to share a bathroom with those 2. He becomes increasingly distant to us and never hangs out or does anything. About a month after we told him no he said that he was moving home to be with his girlfriend. Am I the asshole for telling him she couldn't move in?"
1474,"AITA for not wanting my MIL to choose baby's first Christmas outfit? Baby hit button and accidentally posted too quickly! Edited version below. So to start, my relationship with my MIL has deteriorated since I was pregnant and gave birth. From my perspective, she's been presumptuous, controlling, emotionally manipulative (i.e., when given the gentlest of boundaries, she flounces like she's been deeply wronged and won't speak to us for days - this was characteristic pre-baby but less common), and seems to assume the worst of my mothering. I think from her perspective she thinks I'm dismissive, hard to connect with, and arrogant, insofar as I won't take her experience as advice. This is the foundation we're dealing with. We are planning to spend 2 weeks with my in-laws for Christmas, and it will be the first time they've seen my 3 month old daughter since her birth. She'll be 6 months old. Recently, my MIL expressed to my husband that it would ""mean the world to her"" if she could choose the First Christmas Outfit. This basically made me almost black out with rage (an overreaction, perhaps) because this is something I've really looked forward to and I don't feel like my MIL has earned. Christmas is my favorite holiday and I've envisioned something specific for her for a long time. Originally, my husband was on my side but thinks we should throw his mom a bone to help the relationship. I'm not particularly inclined. I think the fact that we're traveling over state lines with a 6 month old for two weeks to spend with them is more than enough bones. However, the place where my argument loses some steam is that a few of my extended relatives sent my daughter a First Thanksgiving Outfit. My husband is making the tit for tat argument - if my family chose that outfit, his family should choose the Christmas one. Which is logical, except that I don't care about Thanksgiving outfits, but I do care about Christmas outfits. My husband thinks I'm digging my heels in because I've been so frustrated with his mom and that I'm asserting a boundary that's a molehill rather than a mountain. Which may be, but it doesn't change that I still want ownership over this one aspect of my kid's first Christmas. My husband has no particular feelings about the holiday itself, by the way. He's not a big Christmas guy, but understands that I am and his family is. Verdict? (And yes, I know we could have more than one outfit, but we're talking about the Official one here, which will be featured in photos on the actual day. And I might be petty enough not to compromise, but my MIL is definitely also talking about the same thing as me.)"
1475,"AITA for shoving science in my friends face The other day, I was explaining to my friend how a stove gets hot just for fun. I like physics and chemistry, and while I had no source for my information, I was confident that what I was saying was basic but right. My friend began to question me and ask me how I knew these things. Fair question. So I lectured further, ending up explaining the concept of scientific law. This is where it began to get redundant as, by her request, I continued to explain myself until i concluded with the scientific process. Again, by her request, I went through more examples, like rainbows and gravity, and even went through a mockup scientific process for each one. I had said all that I thought there was to say, yet she kept asking me how I knew, until she actually began refuting it, saying that I couldn't know for sure because ""how could I know"". This is where I should have just let it be. Instead, I thought maybe I could get through to her by just pressing forward. The conversation turned into an argument and, it seemed as though she was feeling attacked, because I was admittedly becoming increasingly irritated. By the time I was completely done with the conversation, she was in full defensive; making one fallacious argument after another to refute universally accepted science. So Instead of arguing my point, I started reasoning to her why she was not accepting my ""argument"". This sent the whole thing into a downward spiral until I concluded that she was being willfully ignorant and challenging, and I stopped responding. This made her upset and she left, telling people that I was not open minded enough to accept her view of science. I was bewildered. Am I the asshole?"
1476,"AITA for lashing out physically against my emotionally abusive boyfriend? This all happened years ago, but I look back on it a lot and wonder how others would perceive my actions. So here we go. I was in a pretty awful relationship with a guy I knew at the time. There were many reasons why it was bad: We had few other friends and spent way too much time together. I was depressed and he was a workaholic. He was extremely jealous and would give me a hard time about seeing my male friends. We generally argued a lot, though usually in a civil manner. This post is going to focus on one bad aspect of the relationship: He would tease me. A *lot*. Not fun, flirtatious teasing. It was more like a mean-spirited teenager teasing his kid brother (though I'm a girl). He was relentless. If I ever gave the slightest hint that something he did or said annoyed me, he'd ramp it up by 1000%, pushing me and pushing me until I finally reacted in some way. He pushed me to tears many times. He clearly found it very amusing, at least up until the point where I got upset, and sometimes even after that. Usually the teasing was non-physical. He'd make fun of me for something I did or said or some aspect of my personality. Or he'd just keep repeating some phrase/action that got on my nerves, or make increasingly incendiary and offensive statements. If I eventually broke down and got really upset, he'd of course say it was ""just a joke"" and tell me I was being too sensitive. Sometimes it did get physical - like if I tried to hold his hand, he'd squeeze my fingers between his so tightly that it hurt. But he never caused me any actual injury - never left a bruise or a mark. He never once hit me or made me feel like I was in any physical danger, despite the fact that he was much stronger than me. As an aside, he told me many times that he would never hit a partner because his father beat his mother (and him, and his brother) growing up and it had always made him extremely angry to see it happen. On a couple of occasions (probably 3 or 4 times in the 2.5 years we were together), his teasing made me so angry that I lashed out against him physically. A couple of times I hit him, and once I picked up my shoe and hit him with that. I don't think I ever left a bruise, but I'm sure it hurt at least a little. Every time he immediately gave me the cold shoulder and silent treatment, and didn't speak to me for a couple of days. When he did reopen communication, I apologized profusely. I'm not at all proud of what I did, and I'm not here to have someone tell me it was okay for me to hit him. It was absolutely not okay. On the other hand,"
1477,"AITA For feeling good after being broken up with We had been together for 6years, from 14-20. So you know I was pretty convinced that after actually surviving high school together and most of university (going to separate schools) that this was the girl I was gonna marry. For a about a week or so she seemed for distant, taking very long to get back to me over text or cutting phone calls short so I confronted her about it. She then said that she wanted to break up right there on the phone and I was like ""nu uh, 6 years and you think you're not going to say that to my face?"" So I drove to her place to pick her up and drove to a school parking lot at about 9pm so not a soul was out. It was confirmed that she wasn't happy or feeling the spark that was once there anymore so I chose to accept, albeit crushed. The only thing is I asked specifically if there was someone else and she said no. Guess what, a week later pictures are being posted of her and a new guy together, flirtatious comments left on each other's pictures, she has moved on. Fast forward a few months and I meet a girl. Beautiful, smart, ambitious. She made me believe in love again. After my ex found out she confronted me saying how hurt she was knowing I had moved on and did acknowledge what she did was a little sketchy. The thing is, after 6 years of getting to know my ex, loving her, caring for her, in that moment all I was thinking was ""i don't care how you feel"". After being emotionally drained for some time I just could not muster any sympathy or remorse for her, I genuinely do not care how she feels or how my relationship effects her. Please help me figure out what I should be feeling !"
1478,"AITA for cutting out a guy I know after he tried to share whiskey with me at school? I've known this kid for a while. Really down to earth guy. Good intentions and all that. Last year (we play hockey) at a tournament, I had a great team with a lot of rowdy players and we had a party in one cabin, while the other adults had a party in another. This kid I'm referring to, Mike was at this party as well. Everyone had some form of drink. And of course he's a lightweight so he has 3 beers and is out cold. Whatever. I'm not really feeling it so I'm just chilling. This was what I guess was the ""turning point"" I guess, because between then and now all Mike wants to talk about is ""getting wasted this Friday"" or some stupid shit like that. Fast forward to the beginning of school, I have physics with Mike, and we sit together. Every day he's inviting me to his house which is within walking distance to crack a cold one or something like that. I kept just forwarding the conversation (""yeah sure"", ""sounds like fun"", ""sure"") cause I thought he was joking. Couple days later he's talking about this ice tea he's got and it's sooooo good and how I need to try it. So a few days ago I'm like ""damn I haven't really hung out with him"", so at lunch we decide to walk down to the gas station to get candy. We meet up, Mike pulls out this ice tea bottle and tells me to have a sip. I uncap it and it's obviously whiskey. I called him a fucking dumbass, put the cap back on and threw it in the bush. I just walked away, and mind you he was taking a couple swigs as he walked up to me, and I wanted no part of that, especially at lunch at school on a Wednesday. He's tried to talk to me but I don't say anything cause I think he's really stupid. He also asked me why I hang out with my friend group. Y'know, the people I've known since elementary school. I just don't feel cool at all accepting alcohol in the middle of a school day. Especially hard alcohol. It's not like I haven't had it at all before, but when he's like ""I know you wanna be like good n' shit but just take a swiiiig... Cooomeooooon"" I just don't want a part of it. Is completely cutting him out an asshole ish move?"
1479,"AITA for sharing my thoughts on this game? >Has anyone played What Remains of Edith Finch? Guy on my Discord asks about a game I've played, and figuring that he wanted to talk about it, I respond with: >Yeah, two of the deaths in the game were beyond infuriating though. I turn out to be wrong though, because he ends up answering: >I've not played it >Is it good though Which was practically asking for me to continue to explain what I had said earlier. So I had answered: >Most of the people who buy it, do so for the story. I thought it was pretty solid, even though the two most infuriating had been a girl dying from eating toothpaste, and a baby sitting in a tub. Two of the most obvious of what had happened, but still annoying. Someone who hadn't chipped in earlier, then starts chiming in with: >You're kinda spoiling the game for him So I answered back: >The mechanics were obvious, if you just went through the first part of the story, and seen her sketches, next to so and so's name. Guy who brought up the game in the first place then responds with: >That's... still not exactly letting me find out for myself A yes, no, or okay would have sufficed Another guy who also hadn't said anything previously, also ends up chiming in with: >""I'm not spoiling the game, I'm just pointing out its story elements and telling you what you can expect."" I just stopped responding after, but *I* thought it was pretty wtf, since yeah, I had mentioned two of the most obvious deaths in the game, but for good reason. Dude wanted to know if the game was good, and I gave a strong opinion, which apparently still wasn't enough for him to want to buy it. The last guy who chimed in, I also don't really believe even knew what he was talking about, as the game's Steam page quickly states: >What Remains of Edith Finch is a collection of strange tales about a family in Washington state. As Edith, you’ll explore the colossal Finch house, searching for stories as she explores her family history and tries to figure out why she's the last one in her family left alive. So there should be no surprise that the mechanics involve her exploring how her family died. Yeah, I know I had explained two of the X amount of deaths, but it was to drill in why it was infuriating."
1480,"AITA for going on a vacation? AITA for thinking this FB post by a high school friend is ridiculous? >Why do white folks feel the need to take vacations?? Like what do yall need to escape from? Being supported by our law enforcement and judicial system?? Having your opinion listened to whenever you choose to voice it? Having your existence validated just for breathing?? Sounds terrible. I bet your tired. If every white person who aligns themselves with social justice or considers themselves an ""ally"" donated the money they used to go on vacation to a black run community org/business things would be a lot different. I wish that wasn't so inconceivably idealistic. I wish y'all would stand with us. I wish."
1481,"AITA for not allowing my younger brother to buy another laptop/tablet? TL;DR: Lil bro has broken a total of 2 tablets, 3 laptops, and just recently broke his new phone in the past four years and my parents keep giving him chances, however last weekend I firmly said no, and persuaded my parents to not buy him a new one A little bit of back story here, around 4 years ago my brother, who was aged 7 at the time got his first ""electronic gadget"" a cheap generic android tablet we got for the reasonable price of around seventy dollars USD. He had really wanted to get one for Christmas and it was black Friday so we got him it as a early Christmas present. Fast forward to somewhere in mid 2014 he ends up breaking the screen because he dropped it while walking around in the mall, which at the time was understandable as he was fairly young. A week later we get him another cheap generic android tablet, and all was pretty well for the next few months. Despite this peace he somehow ended up breaking it again somewhere in mid October, and this time my parents said that they weren't going to buy him a new one until Christmas, which would have worked if it was somewhere in the first few months of the year, but it was only two months before Christmas so he got it fairly quickly. My parents had time to think for those two months, and decided that they would get him a more expensive but higher quality Samsung tablet, since they thought that quality>quantity. This tablet has actually lasted until now, however I'm not sure if it counts though as he broke the SD card reader and the charging port is very loose now. As my brother started to reach double digits in age, my parents decided that my brother would be needing a laptop for school somewhere during late 2015. They decided to buy him an ASUS laptop, and it was all good until the January of 2016, where he ended up breaking his laptop (hard drive failure). This time my parents said no they're not going to buy a new one, and that he was going to have to scrap up the money. At the time I was feeling generous so I decided to hand him one of my five refurbished laptops that I had accumulated over the years, and it was quite nice too, a Dell Inspiron with an SSD in it. It lasted for quite a long time, up until February of this year. This time he broke it because he punched the screen and tossed it on the ground after getting mad. I was still feeling generous so I handed over an old HP Notebook, and took the SSD from the Dell and put it into it. Despite this, just a month ago he ended up breaking the same HP Notebook I gave him in February, in almost the same exact way, tossed on the ground, and punched. However"
1482,"AITA if i don't wanna attend my mom's second marriage being held on my birthday? Basically my mom's getting Married this year, she calls me to let me know there's some good news and that she's decided on a date, it's on my 21st birthday, she makes it sound like it's a good thing and i should be delighted to be celebrating my bday that way, in a tux, at an event i don't want to be at, that i can't drink at, and i can potentially invited ""one"" friend to lol I tell her it's not okay she didn't ask me before hand because i might have already had plans to do something with all my friends and it's already hard enough getting them all together she reassures me that there's supposedly no other day they can do it and it has to be that day, so i tell her i guess i won't be there and she tells me I'd basically be a bad son if i didn't but how is her actions not completely narcissistic and selfish? So am i being the asshole if i don't go? The worse part is this isn't a one time thing every year after this i have to share my birthday with her anniversary Edit: i forgot to add that this isn't like a huge wedding or anything not even traditional, she decided she was getting married two weeks ago and last week she picked the date, she wants to basically just make a party and get married there... On my birthday lol there's no church or anything"
1483,"AITA in this argument? Screenshots because I’m too lazy to type, the first 5/6 are all for context. SCREENSHOTS [part 1] [part 2] This was our complete conversation. B1a4 and bts are music groups. I literally have no idea why she is mad. She is a very close friend and I don’t want to lose her, but I’m feeling extremely frustrated. Gave her a day to cool off and messaged her over a different app, since she blocked me on Skype because she was that mad. She was rather aggressive and wanted some more time, but accused me of deleting her on Skype altho I’m 100% sure I didn’t. I didn’t fight that accusation at the time because it would just cause more trouble and I want to actually talk about what went wrong. I’m going to see her tomorrow in school and not sure how to interact with her. This has happened once before, a very long time ago. I thought it was mostly my fault since I had no filter and was bad socially. I still never understood why she got mad back then. I don’t feel like apologizing this time because I don’t think I’m wrong, and a friend told me she doesn’t think she’s wrong either. As of now, she told me that I don’t understand her as a person and that I’m being selfish, only considering my own life and not hers and her feelings, and told me to fuck off. Her responses after I tried to talk to her: Saturday: Me: Hey can we seriously talk about what happened yesterday morning? And maybe have someone moderate to try and keep things calm to work it out? Her: Im gonna be aggressive but here it is. I saw the notification while in flushing and thinking how about just putting the situation behind us and pretending it never happened bc neither of us think we're wrong. However the fact that you want to bring in a third party feels even more offensive. You've already deleted me from skype. Sunday: Her: To be honest, the shit that happened Saturday hasn't been able to leave my mind since. I was told some things and you two literally cause something you hoped wouldn't be a rift in friendship into a rift in friendship. It's a little difficult for me to really know what to respond to you nowadays because of your thoughts on me. You two both made me feel like a shit person honestly and when I ask others about it they tell me to avoid you guys because you two don't seem to even understand me as a human. But obviously, I still have feelings from the past I can't let go. I hope you guys will be understanding and slow with my recuperation, obviously Aly's situation isn't as bad as yours because I already suspected something the first time I went to her about it. She was never on my side and I knew. You both broke my heart to some degree, but you dealt a bit more"
1484,"AITA for not really naming my cat? I just enjoy calling him ""kitty"". Whenever someone asks, ""what's his name?"" and I respond ""kitty"", everyone looks at me like I murdered their mother with a pillowcase full of kittens. AITA?"
1485,"AITA for destroying an already destroyed American Girl doll? So I was staying at my mother-in-laws (MIL) house with her sons and they broke an American Girl doll that my MIL bought her daughter a long time ago. It was pretty expensive, around $150. The sons broke it as in ripped out an arm, and it isn't dressed so all the clothes are gone. Keep in mind, this doll has been sitting tattered in the basement for 6 years and my MIL never said a word to her sons about them abusing it. I wanted to prank/scare my wife with this doll, so I grabbed the doll and the sons told me that my MIL's daughter said she didn't care about that doll being broken. With this knowledge, I colored the eyes red with sharpie, as well as coloring red tears and blood coming out of the nose. Well, this was all fun in games that night. But the next morning, my MIL woke up pissed and demanded me to buy a new doll. The daughter said that she cared all of a sudden and wanted me to buy a new one if she has future kids. I said fine, I'll buy you a new one but I'm going to ship it to you (she doesn't live at MIL's house) so you can keep it protected from being damaged by the sons, but she rejected this offer and doesn't want one anymore. AITA?"
1486,"AITA for doing petty blackmailing on someone in high school? So me and a girl were once kinda friends. One day I borrowed 5 bucks from her. Weeks passed, I still hadn't paid it back because I didn't really remember to. Meh. 5 bucks. Later we had an argument for unrelated reasons and started somehow hating each other. A few days later I found out from a few close friends of her that she's secretly a lesbian or something. I went to her and told her I know about her secret and ""we should both just forget about those 5 bucks or more people will know""."
1487,"AITA for keeping my friend's EVGA item. Long story short, friend built his first computer, one of the components failed (An EVGA component). He tried to go through the warranties to get his item replaced. I tried to advice him as much as I can with as much details as possible. He was not very cooperative. He couldn't get through the warranty to replace the item. I was like ""You sure?? it's EVGA, they are well-known to have very good replacing services."" Friend was like ""Nope, nothing works. Fuck everything"". So now he had this $350 piece of metal that doesn't work sitting there. Eventually he said ""It's junk now, one of you can take it, if you can fix it, keep it."" No one wanted to go through the trouble of fixing it for him. Eventually, a year almost went by, with 1 weeks of warranties left, I offer to check it out. Item was in fact defective (it fucking literally lit on fire and there were smoke everywhere). I was like fuck it, flip the box over, called EVGA. EVGA happily offered to replace it without questions. I took half a day off of work, calling, printing out everything, drive to the post office in blazing heat, paid, mailed it. Received a refurbished item in 1.5 weeks. Here's the morality portion: I knew that if I told him I couldn't fix it and had threw it out, he would believe me and it would be the end of it and he would never knew I replaced it. I would have the item, everyone's happy. But I thought I should do what's right and be an honest friend and told him I was able to replace it and since he had offered it, I will keep it since it was kinda a bitch of a process. He got really pissed. Ever since then, he was mean every time he saw me. He was humiliating me in front of the girl I was seeing at the time and then hit on her. it became unbearable and starting to interfere with my professional life so I ended the friendship. I don't feel like I was at wrong but I want to hear your opinions."
1488,"AITA for not trusting a family member with taxes? So last year, I wanted to take my taxes to a professional for the first time, because it's the first year I was expecting any significant level of return. (Yay home ownership!) It's also the first year my wife and I filed jointly, and in prior years, she's paid her aunt with a crawdad pie for doing her taxes. Now to be fair, the aunt is a lawyer, but she's not a tax lawyer, and I just felt that with a big return on the line, I wanted to have someone check over things who I could come back to later if I found out I got less than I was entitled to. We had a fight over it, she accused me of not trusting the aunt (ridiculous, anyone who eats crawdad pie is clearly trustworthy), I gave her my reasons for wanting security, she told me to do what I want. I got taxes done by a professional, we got a nice fat return, she forgave me. But now, every time we discuss our families, she refers to that aunt as ""the one I don't trust."" I feel like this is unfair, and she's holding a grudge for no reason. AITA?"
1489,"AITA for siding with my SO over my roommate? TLDR; My boyfriend, roommate, and I had a three-way shirtless make out session. Twice. Afterward, roommate accuses boyfriend (but not me) of unwanted sexual assault. Throwaway for obvious reasons. I'm sorry this is so long, I'm just trying to provide all the setup I can! My roommate, we'll call her Jane, comes from a very religious family. She has never had any romantic endeavors, mostly due to the fact that she is waiting for someone who can match her wit and passion. She spends much of her time on her hobbies, to the point of avoiding social gatherings and friends to work on her projects. Fiercely independent but maddeningly talented and sharp as a tack. Overall a lovely and fascinating person. Jane and I room together for two and a half years at college. We go through lots of personal drama together, and make it out okay with each other's help. We share secrets and hobbies and become best friends. She spends most of her time in class or in the room working on her art, with the exception of my taking her to different activities and social events to get her out in the world. She makes other friends, and is a good friend, but still spends arguably too much time working on art. I find myself a boyfriend, we'll call him Tom. Tom is goofy and sweet, albeit a little clingy early on. His last few relationships ended with him being used as a means to an end, so he starts our relationship with some trust issues. For example, if another friend jokingly pulled me into their lap, Tom would give them a glare and try to tug me off. He's since realized he was being overprotective and gradually outgrows this. I spend less time in my dorm and more time with Tom and the friends I've made through him, particularly as Jane is in rehearsals for a play and not in our room as often. After the play is through and I'm still spending time at Tom's with that social circle, Jane mentions it once, saying that she misses spending more time with me. I try and take it to heart, but honestly probably didn't put in as much effort as I could have. Tom meanwhile has always been really nice to her - they don't have much in common, but they get along well enough. Even make treats and birthday gifts for each other. Fast forward to my final semester. Jane and I go on a retreat together as a class trip. It's over the course of several days, with workshops and events going on throughout. Jane continuously tries to isolate the two of us from the others, and I go along with it, being more introverted and overwhelmed by how many people are there anyway. I don't say anything about how I wouldn't mind hanging out with a few more people from our group. Instead, we go to our room, where we are sharing a bed, and watch"
1490,"AITA for offering $30 on a ""$40 OBO"" Listing on facebook? So context, I had an acquaintance on facebook who posted some board games for sale. The listing said he was moving and didn't have space, so he categorized the games into different price categories and said he'd sell them to facebook friends. The listing for the items in question said they were $40 OBO. I initially saw two games I liked and purchased one for $40 outright and offered $30 on a different one. He confirmed the $40 game and said someone else was in line for the second game, to which I responded with no worries. I confirmed the next day on the $30 game status and he said it fell through and he'd sell it for $30. I went over, picked up my games, paid him, and thought that would be it. However, a couple days later, I was bored at work and starting thinking about a third game I was on the fence about, and thought, ""well, if it's still up I'll just put in an offer and see if anyone else is in front of me in line"". I messaged him and offered $30 for that game, to which he responded, ""No, I think I want to keep that game at $40. But seriously, why are you trying to undercut me?"" We then got into an argument where I was trying to say that since the listing said $40 OBO, he shouldn't get offended that I offered, especially when he accepted a comparable offer on another game. I told him he could have just said $40 firm to me and that would have been it. He countered by saying that I didn't need the extra $10, that he was moving because he was unemployed, and that the game was worth over $140 normally so it was rude to make an offer. I will note that the game I actually purchased for $30 is a $90 game MSRP. I got so frustrated by the argument (and I have a history with this person, I didn't really like him very much after a different argument we had years ago), that I just said, you know what, I'm done with this, here's the $10 for the game you apparently are resentful I made an offer on earlier. I wrote up a long thing trying to defend myself and my character, and unfriended this person. I'll take it on the chin that the conclusion to the argument was a little juvenile and while I'm not upset at all that I'm no longer friends with this person, a friend of mine who I whined about the story to recently told me I was the one being an ass because I shouldn't have offered when the game was already so discounted from retail, so now I need outsider opinion. Am I the asshole?"
1491,"AITA For Reporting People On My Bus For Smoking Weed I go to a high school and ride the bus as I don't have the money to drive. The areas my bus goes aren't the nicest, so I see lots of scummy things happen on it. Most of the things that are less than great is drug use. Occasionally, I'll smell weed being just out and not smoked. One day, I see three people get out a pipe and each smoke some marijuana. Now, I'm all for people doing what they want in the privacy of their own homes, but I hate that kind of thing in public. The smell physically makes me sick, I hate it. I didn't want t to go on any further as it was hurting me/other people on the bus. I reported them to the Dean of students and got all of them suspended and I believe one went to court. Even though I believe I did what's right, I still hate messing with people's lives. Am I ok in doing this?"
1492,"AITA for wanting the age of consent to be lowered? In [this] wonderful thread I got called a pedophile sympathizer and a rapist. I literally just implied that the age of consent should be maybe a couple years younger, not even the actual age of consent but for nude image sharing. To me it's crazy to get so mad over a 15 year old doing it vs. an 18 year old. I'm 18 years old and into old men as you can tell by my post history, definitely not a pedophile. I do not support any type of pedophile, literally in any way. I do not think that the man should not have been jailed; he broke the law. I think that it should be legal to send images and in that case not get jailed. Only one person provided an actual argument and the rest just assumed I was a pedophile."
1493,"AITA for going to the bathroom? During my first period AP English class, we just starting reading *The Great Gatsby* as a class via audiobook, and my teacher would pause the audiobook frequently to ask the class a question about the author's writing style. It was about 15 minutes before the class ends, and I wanted to hold my shit until class was over, but I wasn't able to concentrate with my stomach aching, and I really had to go right then, although teachers hate it when students want to go to the bathroom while they are ""lecturing"". So when I decided I could not hold it anymore I got up and waited for my teacher to stop to talking before I asked to go, but she just would not stop talking so I ended up standing there for what felt like forever until she noticed me standing and with a facial expression asked why I was standing up. I then pointed to my bathroom pass, gesturing I needed to go to the bathroom. She looks at me with a very annoyed look and rolls her eyes and gestured me to leave. This all happened while a student was answering a question about the book. Am I the Asshole?"
1494,"AITA for telling my girlfriend she’s becoming something she hates? So she recently got into a fight with her best friend, saying how she’s recently become a bitch and snapped at her during a competition and how she hasn’t been talking to her because she’s acting high and mighty, and never wants and always cancels at the last moment. However, when I talk about that said friend, I ask for her side and she talked about how she was put in a position that would stress anyone out, and that she was acting “bitchy” because again, she was super stressed and had to tell people to stop talking during the competition. She’s been super stressed out about new things coming into her life. About the cancelling thing, she is more inclined to do things at the spur of the moment so let’s say someone wants to eat with her on Wednesday, but if she finds something better to do she’ll do that (yes I know that’s a dick thing to do, not here to argue that). The thing is, she explains everything and apologizes and wants to be friends with my girlfriend, and she truly means it. However, my girlfriend wouldn’t have any of it and said how she was being a complete bitch and she also had things in her life that was stressing her out but she wasn’t gonna bring it out on anyway. Also, she thought that her friend was just adding more stress to her life and she wasn’t putting in the effort to be friends with her. Now, this is where things turn around. I call her out for being a bit of a hypocrite about this subject. Whenever my girlfriend is stressed, she does take it out on people. When it’s time to work, she will shut people down for the good of the group. And from past arguments, her saying “she’s not trying to be friends, why bother” is better applied to herself, not the friend. After some past disputes, some on her some on her friend, it always ends with her friend saying she wants to know what she could do to stay friends while my girlfriend just says “I’m done, it’s clear she doesn’t want to be friends”. So to sum things up, am I the asshole for pointing out that she’s being a bit of a hypocrite and want her to try to understand her friend’s current position?"
1495,"AITA for yelling at this girl to leave my party immediately? I am a 21 year old male college student who was hosting a house party along with my 8 other male roommates. Our house is an absolute hellhole and has been miserably trashed in the past (and we don't do a good job of maintaining it). The bathroom on the ground level is the one we open up to partygoers, but we try to keep the upstairs bathroom off-limits since we prefer our own private bathroom to be untouched. During the party, someone spilled a bucket of blue wall paint. A 21 year old girl slipped and fell on the paint. She got a decent amount of paint on her leg as well as a mild bruise. The line to the ground floor bathroom is always very long at parties (maybe 8 people), so she decided to just go upstairs to use the private bathroom. I was upstairs at the time and I noticed her using the bathroom to wash her feet in my sink. I didn't want my sink (i.e. where I brush my teeth) to be used for someone to wash their feet, so I asked if she could just wait in line downstairs. She became upset and sarcastically said ""Oh, I see how it is, fine, be the way."" At this point I was ticked off because I thought my request was very reasonable, so I said ""Just get the fuck out of my house."" My perspective is that I'm already generously opening up my house and accepting significant property risk in the first place, so it's within my right to ask that my bathroom be off-limits. Even if someone was just trying to wash themselves off after falling into paint. My friends think I am an asshole for telling this poor girl who had fallen to get the fuck out of my house, and that I should have been lighter in my tone even after her reply."
1496,"AITA for not getting along with my mother? I'm 17 and really don't get along well with my mother. She's not home very often but when she is it's awful. She lounges on the couch and orders me around all day, now I'd be fine with just doing chores but it's not like that. It's her lounging and me waiting on her and doing what ever she asks for the entire time she's home, while she does nothing, and then she'll make me do a bunch of house work, and when my father comes home she'll start a fight with him about how she's the only person who does any work in the house, but she never does work, I'm always the one doing it. But occasionally she has to do something, because I'm not home or have important school work, and she always screws it up and I have to go fix it, and so now any jobs that need done around the house I have to do because she'll either force me to or if I don't do it it'll get done wrong. Anyway that's the backstory here's how I'm being an asshole (I think). Lately she's been taking days off work or coming home days earlier than normal. So until I get home from school I have no idea if she'll be home or not, and now whenever her car isn't in the driveway I get super excited and when it is I get upset. Then it gets worse, I've just been tired of her so I've been trying to speak to her as little as possible and avoiding her whenever I can, which means taking walks. Well during a particularly loud fight with my father she called me some not so polite things and said that I never help her in anyway and all I am is a burden. So I walked out of the house just up and left. A couple hours later I come back and it turns out that she almost broke her foot because she tried to do some actual work around the house. And I didn't feel bad about it at all. I just didn't care that she got hurt, and to some degree I feel like I caused it but I still don't feel bad. Am I the asshole for having no empathy for my mother?"
1497,"AITA for trying not to be friends with someone who's been friendly to me. So I just started community college this month and I'm getting used to navigating around the campus. One day this guy just approaches me out of nowhere while I was waiting outside to get some fresh air before I go to class. He just started talking to me and I sort of played along for a bit. We shared a lot of things in common, and he finally left. Recently he's been stopping me in the hallways to talk to me, and his other friends are also no stopping me, one of them showed me a magic trick, and the other asked if I smoked. I was starting to feel uneasy. I've been trying to avoid him if I can help it because he seems to be friends with a lot of people, and while he's nice to me, I don't feel confortable sticking around to talk to him. I've never explicitly told him I didn't want to form a relationship with him, but I feel like my apathy towards the subject makes me ask myself a question. Am I the asshole?"
1498,"AITA for wanting to have no contact with my parents? Ever since I was a child, I had over protective parents. I wasn't potty trained up until I was 6. I wasn't allowed to go out to local shop up until I was 9. They all forced me to study and not waste time playing with my friends . In my teenage years, they all teased me when I talked to girls so I stopped doing it. When I was 14, I was not allowed to go outside of the house for anything except for buying stationary. My friends kept inviting me in my new school and I had to keep rejecting them so eventually I had no friends in the new school. When I was 16, they sent me to a very strict hostel with very bad facilities and told me to prepare for a very tough exam which was after 2 years. The hostel was a shit hole, I used to be the topper there because no one even bothered to study. Somehow I cleared the test to get into top 1% but that wasn't good enough. The same day I cleared this exam they told me to start preparing for another exam which would come after the end of my 4 years in college. I moved out of the house for college and I keep avoiding calls from my family. I constantly get text messages asking how my preparations are going. I have severe anxiety, depression since I was 14 and can't focus on anything most if the time. I plan on going no contact with the family but my friends think I am an asshole for doing that."
1499,"AITA for not wishing people happy birthday on Facebook? I would like to start by clarifying that I do wish people happy birthday when I see them in person or if I'm actually their friend. It always just seemed a little contrived when I would say four or five words to one of my friends' parents or someone I never actually talk to and only know because we happen to be in the same class. It felt insincere, so I stopped doing it. I don't think this is a terribly awful thing to do, but I also really don't to be ""that guy."" Send help."
1500,"AITA for cutting all contact with a depressed former girlfriend? This is a very long story covering multiple years with more nuances than I'm able to cover in one post, but I'll try and cover all sides fairly. In the summer of my freshman year of high school I started dating this girl who was my dream girl, Megan. She was everything I wanted and we were that one couple that everyone thinks is perfect. We had our issues of course. I was always the more attached and romantic one, saying I love you first (which she never responded to), and she never wanted any physical contact beyond hugging while I did. I probably rushed her too much honestly. She clearly cared though, as demonstrated by her other actions and gifts. Over the course of our 1.5 year relationship she slowly became more and more distant from me, eventually disappearing with no contact for a full month during the summer of my sophomore year (a week of this was while she was on a family vacation). When she came back, it turned out she had been diagnosed with depression and a mild eating disorder. I did my best to support her, always inviting her out to places and going over to see her if she didn't want to leave the house. But she was slowly dragging me down and I was getting more and more depressed myself, losing energy and motivation by being around her. I went from a highly energetic and optimistic guy to a very low energy and resentment filled person. After some long late night talks with my dad, I told her that she either had to let me help her instead of cutting me out, or we had to end this as it wasn't healthy for me. We ended up breaking up mutually, so she could focus on herself and I could let myself heal. Of course, it wasn't mutual. I loved her more than I'd ever loved anything or anyone, and I spent the next year wallowing in resentment and hatred, lashing out with mean jokes and spending most of my time alone while she slowly got better. I never let her see how it hurt me because I didn't want her to worry about me, so I acted like my old self when she was around. Eventually at the end of my junior year I met another girl who slowly helped me move on, and I'm currently still dating her in my freshman year of college. But I didn't handle it well. Desperate to get some sense that Megan had cared about me at all and still angry, I made a comment about how this new girl was better than her to her face. An asshole move, I know. She didn't react well. This set off a path of her continuously turning friends against me, gossiping about me, and generally stabbing me in the back with all the weaknesses I'd confided in her, while I did my best to ignore or make it up to her."
1501,"AITA for asking for a better apology after my friend was a massive ass hole to me I was gaming late night with some friends one day and we were struggling to make progress on the co-op mission we were doing. On of my friends rage quits and messages me telling me how everyone else but him are idiots and ""fucking retarded"" for making mistakes and having a generally hard time progressing (even though he also had no idea what he was doing). I felt like his response was childish so I started talking to him like he was a child to try and show him how ridiculous he was being. That didn't go very well. The next day he sent me a massive scathing message where he was trying to be as hurtful as possible and attacked me by using his career and his girlfriend as selling points for why he was better than me and then belittled me for having the same crush on a girl for over a year now. I decided to tell message him back with a message being as hurtful as I possibly can as well but he blocked me before I was able to send it so he never received that message. I decided to be done with him and went on with my life as it was until he messaged me a few days later telling me he was super tired from work and how he nearly killed himself and his dad while he was driving by nearly falling asleep at the wheel. He claims that message wasn't mean to guilt me into forgiving him but I didn't see any other way to interpret it seeing as he never used language that suggested he was sorry, he just used language that explained why he said what he did. I ignored the message for a few days to think about my response and eventually replied to him saying that it wasn't a good enough apology and he needs to check his attitude (referring to him acting like he's better than me with his career and relationship). He took great offense to this and said I look like a massive ass hole for not accepting his apology and telling him to check his attitude when he was trying to make things right. I messaged him back doubling down on my rejecting of his initial 'apology' and my statement about his attitude and ended by saying I want a real apology to be able to move on from this. Fast forward to now, where I get people telling me to be the bigger man and just forgive him but to me it feels like it sends him the wrong message to ask for a proper apology and a change in his attitude and then to double down on that statement, only to have his girlfriend and my other friends ask me to just forgive him because they don't like conflict. Should I let go of my pride and just forgive him? I mean he kind of tried"
1502,"AITA For breaking things off with my Girlfriend So for the last couple of months ive been kinda struggling if im an asshole or not. So a few months ago i landed a date with a wonderful woman, We worked together, and we started texting for 2 days straight. She was nearly a decade older than me but she was nice in every regard. I asked her on a date and after some convincing we went on a date! We went bowling, went to the park, kissed, and then talked in a parking lot for a good 2 hours before we got a motel room and had some fun. She took my first kiss, first date and V-card in one night and it was amazing. We talked everyday pretty much, and when the time came for a second date we decided to just go for dinner and talk, that was it, didnt want to rush things. We agreed and at the last minute she canceled to go to a Fair with her cousin. Ok, thats understandable, one time isnt a big deal so i kinda brushed it off with an ok and had a dissapointing night. Second time we planned the date and again she said yes, just simple dinner, maybe an hour out of her day to eat. That morning she went out with one of her friends to the mall and around came time for dinner she pushed it back an hour, then another, and another then cancelled all together. I was a bir mad but ok, it happens. No big deal. Similar things happen again, similar situation. At work shed ""make up"" for it. Wed go in the back around closing and makeout and whatnot and i was ok with this. Happens a fourth time in as many weeks, this time it was for the movies. I say fuck it amd go on my own and have a wonderful time, i watched Spiderman:Homecoming, and wonderwoman, had dinner and got a book. On my way home she texted me and kinda ignored the fact of what happend. I told her i was getting sick and tired of her cancelling last minute, at least tell me a few hours before and not last minite. Then she dropped a bombshell that she ""Might be pregnant"" which scared the shit out of me. She was on birth control and we didnt have sex without a condom. Her test came back negative and yes i made sure she wasnt pregnant. After that i kinda stopped and thought to myself was it all worth it? The stress, the sudden bullshit bombshell, the last minute cancels and the careless attitude. I broke up with her, and a week later i go homeless and lose my job because of losing my house. Now ive kinda sat and brewed over it all for the past month. She was nice and sweet and funny and wonderful but she just didnt care at all about a relationship. Ues i could have been more patient but i was completely stressed out"
1503,"AITA for being Hitler? Full disclosure: I am not literally Hitler. I was at a party and things were disappointing for the host (He decided not to invite people till the last minute, so a few close friends went to a different party). So in his best attempt to liven things up, his roommate (lets call him Bill) brought out ""Secret Hitler"" and started explaining the game to everyone while playing it. At one point Bill said, ""You don't want to give the chancellorship to the player that is hitler, because after a certain point he wins if you do."" At which point I jokingly stated, ""Yeah, so don't give it to me, because I'm Hitler."" Everyone chuckled, except my friend who replied ""come on man, this is their first game don't confuse them."" As the game goes on I jokingly say it more times, each when someone suggests that I'm Hitler. ""Yeah, I'm Hitler."" Then Bill starts to get mad, and tells me to stop it. At this point I don't want to piss him off any more so i just play the game. Some how, after the third fail I get elected chancellor, and as it turns out, I actually was the secret Hitler. So I won the game. Bill throws a tantrum, and goes to his room. In the midst of this confusion the host disappears from his own party to join the party his friends went to instead. All of a sudden everyone at the party was asking where the people who lived there were. Am I the asshole for not taking the game more seriously?"
1504,"AITA told off my girlfriend after listening to months of her having nothing positive to say about anyone close to her Ex never had anything positive to say about anyone, included her best friends. Has a tattoo reminding her to be positive, but never is. Has told me on multiple occasions she would keep her attitude in check, doesn't. One day I lose it and tell her things as ""too bad there's no make-up for personality, i find it funny im the part of the reason you and your past boyfriend aren't married (she cheated on him with me, among other people), etc etc"""
1505,"AITA For not doing my work? So I work at a large coffee chain. We'll leave it at that. I currently work at a store that's the only one in town. Now I'm moving back to my hometown in 5 days, and I'm done work in 2. My manager asked me to get a few deep cleaning things done before I leave for the new store in my new town. I have no intentions on doing a single one. Now here's a little back story. When she found out me and her best friend were dating, she scheduled me horrendous shifts (I would work 2pm to 10pm and then work at 5am till 8am just so I had to get up early again) and just generally acted bitchy. So am in the wrong for essentially giving her the finger and not doing a single thing she asked me to do?"
1506,"AITA Just told my friend he sucks at writing. Ok so my friend and I have been doing a group project which requires a lot of writing. I'm really not trying to brag, but I'm a very good writer, whereas my friend is definitely not. He's refused to do any research, instead writing off the top of his head, and his grammar, spelling and structure are all abysmal. Yesterday I told him (politely) what I thought he could do to improve, and begged him to actually do some research. He blew up at me. I tried to be as kind and empathic as possible, but I felt I couldn't just leave it, because handing in his work as is would have affected my overall mark. Unfortunately now he's pissed at me and I'm left wondering, am I the asshole? Edit: I DID NOT TELL MY FRIEND I WAS BETTER AT WRITING THEN HIM. I only said it here because it was important to the story, I would never say that to his face. Edit 2: Will everyone stop criticising my writing? I didn't come here for grammar tips, and I'm not exactly putting in the maximum effort for a fucking reddit post. Edit 3: Realising I didn't put enough detail into my story. Edit 4: I'm not saying I'm fucking Shakespeare people! I said I was a good writer because it's important to understanding my story! I don't think I'm better then you, I don't feel smug about it, I just needed to convey the specifics of a situation that I am actively asking for help with!"
1507,"AITA for not being friendly to my coworker who makes me feel uncomfortable? I am 24. She is either 32 or 34, I can't remember. We work in a small retail environment, and I am manager. I don't really boss people around, so a lot of times it's more of a seniority thing than an actual position. But technically I am her boss, and it's kind of awkward when she's almost ten years older than me. Anyway, she has worked for the business for a few months. My first impression of her was positive, but it quickly went south. Numerous times she touched me, such that if the genders were reversed it would probably be considered mild sexual harassment. She doesn't seem to understand the concept of personal space either. She is also just really socially awkward. Think Michael Scott, but with less charm and lovability. When I have her do something she doesn't want to do, she says ""Ugh you're such a butt!"" (1996 insults, anyone?) She also makes jokes like ""I bet you missed me a lot, didn't you"" and ""I'm going to hit you"" which also make me feel uncomfortable. I don't respond positively to these jokes, yet she keeps making them. It's gotten to the point where even being around her is stressful. Like really stressful. I normally try to be friendly with all my coworkers, but when I'm friendly to her, she starts these endless nonsensical conversations with me that I really, really, don't want to have, and with her personal space issues, I feel like I'm backed into a corner. My workspace is a desk with only one opening, so sometimes it's literal. If she has any work related questions or comments, then I answer them normally. However, if she asks me questions about my personal life (""Do anything fun this weekend?"") I answer evasively to make the conversation over as quickly as possible. I feel like a dick for not being nice to her, and I've made an effort to not be explicitly *mean* to her. I believe that all people should be treated with love and respect, and I'm having a hard time doing that with her. I'm trying to act the absolute bare minimum of respect/civility. I just really don't want to socialize with her or be her friend. I've worked at this business for a few years now, and I've loved all of my coworkers before her. So I'm thinking it's not just me."
1508,"AITA for considering returning this bag? Okay chums its not as deep as some of the other stuff on here but I'd like to see what my friends at reddit think of this situation. Basically, I sent a letter to this rucksack-making company to thank them, as I had been using one of their excellent bags for many years. Kindly, in their reply, they offered to send me a new bag to use. I was obviously chuffed at this act of generosity, but when the bag arrived it turned out they sent me a much smaller variant, unlike what they had said in their reply. I basically have no use for the new bag. I am reluctant to sell it, as it is a gift, but at the same time I don't want this bag to be wasted sitting around in my house. Should I send a query and attempt to get it changed to the bag that they said they would send, or is that kind of a dick move considering they sent me this bag for free?"
1509,"AITA For wanting a paycheck? This is kind of a long story, so I'll try to summarize the best I can while still being as fair to both sides as I can be. A bit of backstory: I worked for my school district all summer basically just being an outdoor janitor, fixing this and that and getting the ""campuses"" of all five schools in the district looking nice for the coming school year. The crew I was on was _fantastic,_ as was our supervisor (Dan). His boss (Tom), though? Total dildo. Useless to the highest degree. _That_ guy's boss (Jim) was _also_ a dildo. Pretty much everyone that works in the administration building, really. None of the people out doing physical work can ever get anything done when they need to go through the bureaucracy that is the admin building. Things went mostly smooth as far as my employment, aside from the beginning. They approved me to work, but no one ever actually called me to come in. I have a family friend who also works there who had to send a FaceBook message to my mother to tell me to ""just come in tomorrow,"" and that was my first day. Tom just straight up never called me, and never acknowledged the fact that he totally dropped the ball. The rest of the summer was fairly smooth, like I said. I decided I was going to work the football games during the year as well, for a bit of extra cash while I started back at my retail job for the school year. **This is where it gets frustrating.** Games are on Fridays. I show up to the first game, and the time sheets had already gone in. That's fine, I understand. So I go to the admin building on Tuesday (I was busy Monday and couldn't make it). The payroll lady tells me she's not going to put it in for that pay period, because she'd already put everything in. **She told me she could do it, but she wasn't because my 8 hours wasn't worth the trouble.** I decided to just be polite and accept it, and she told me to give Tom my time sheet after the next game so that it would be in ASAP on Monday morning. So I still haven't been paid for that. Flash forward to last Friday, same scenario, only this time our high school was away. Our home field was used for two other high schools who didn't have their own stadiums. The ""home"" school had a list of all of the local people who were helping that night, and allll of my fellow workers got $50 checks as a thank you from that school. **I didn't because Tom never put me on the list of people working that night.** I also told him three times I needed him to take my time sheet up to the admin building, as per the payroll lady's instruction. He left early, without telling anyone. He didn't take my time sheet. The next Monday, I go up"
1510,"AITA for not believing in my ""friend""'s tales, and only talking to him out of pity? I have an acquaintance, a co-member from college organization I am part of. He's pretty infamous there for having an extreme personality - he's arrogant, outspoken, somewhat childish, and overall 'weird' behavior which includes, but not limited to, tall tales and outbursts in social media. He talked to me out of the blue at first because he was infatuated with a girl I knew, but he has only ever seen her on Facebook. I tried my best to at least calm him down and talk to him to see if he's an alright guy behind all of that over-compensating facade of his, and he actually somewhat is when he's honest. He's very chatty but I somewhat sympathized from his troubles with family, his amateur dota 2 career, etc. The part about the girl didn't work out though, but he stayed around and chatted me regularly. That only was time I actually had a good talk with him, which was when he was vulnerable and emotional. All of the other times he's very standoff-ish, and now he's regaling me of stories about his 2 million USD debt from trading stocks using oanda, but he's 20 and I seriously disbelieve that (unless someone here can actually explain how, I've been searching for the past 20 minutes about how this shit works). He talks to me every day through pms and whatnot, also very clingy when we meet personally, and very, VERY overbearing. I fear to call him out on it because he's unstable, but I don't want to entertain his self-serving stories about how he's super great or his delusions of grandeur. In the end I cave in because I can't be there for him when he breaks down, and this weird status quo is the only thing keeping the peace. All of the other members are very apathetic towards him (something like the boy who cried wolf). So there. I just don't know how to deal with him, and I don't want to be an asshole (to him, or to myself)."
1511,"AITA for ending a relationship because she held me back? I'm 22-23 and close to graduating college, she's 18-19 and just starting out. Let's call her Mary. We bumped into each other at an event randomly and got along amazingly well. This started our great relationship that lasted almost exactly one year. When this relationship starts I let her know that it would end when I graduated (new phase in life, etc.), she’s cool with it. Now we were both very introverted (Mary far more than I was), but throughout the year I began to realize that I was growing quite a bit as a person and learned that I really enjoy being more outgoing. As I’m growing I also realize that I hate being so uncomfortable when talking to new people. A year rolls by and the same event rolls around so I go again. I end up meeting a girl and having so much fun (laughing, joking, not being afraid to be dumb) that I realize I craved this in my relationship. Mary's introverted nature really got in the way of that because when I was with her I tended to be more introverted as well. I immediately bring this up with Mary as an observation and she decides we should talk about our relationship. Here's the bit where I feel like an asshole. During the conversation, Mary brings up the fact that she's pretty young and has plenty of room to grow herself and she really wants this to work out. Totally valid point. I bring up the fact that I'm realizing that this is a big deal for me and I'd rather not ""drag her along"" if one of us isn't truly happy. I essentially told her to go out and date other people rather than sticking this relationship out if it was going to end in a year anyway. She ends up crying because I'm basically telling her that I don't want this to go on anymore. I end up crying because I feel like an asshole. I always felt bad for doing this to her, but I don't regret the decision as I am much happier because of it. This post is less of an ""am I the asshole"" and more of an ""am I an asshole"" since clearly she did nothing wrong. Delete this post or let me know if this belongs somewhere else."
1512,"AITA for Selling my ""Brother's"" bike on Craigslist? Me and my brother live in an apartment together to save my parents some money. The apartment is about a 20 minute walk from campus but that is not a problem for me because every day I drive to work in the morning then to campus for classes. My brother however, got tired of walking for so long and went shopping on craigslist to find a bike at the end of last semester when all the college kids were moving away. This is the best time to find a bike for cheap, and he got a steal, I don't remember the brand exactly but it was like $400 street bike for $50 or something like that. He asked me for the money because he doesn't have a job so I gave it to him and told him to pay me back when ever he starts working again. So some time passes and I quit my job to focus more on classes, and my brother gets a job because he has an easier course load the following semester. I ask him for my $50 and he laughs in my face, and he tells me that its a shitting thing to do to give money to family and expect them to pay it back. What ever, we argue, and I ask him two more times a few weeks apart. Finally I get tired of it, and sell his bike on craigslist while he isn't home. I paid for it, as far as I am concerned I was letting him borrow my bike for several months. It sold for $250, and he furious and wanted all of the cash from the sale. I refused to give him a dime, and told him that this is what happens in the real world when you don't pay your debts. My parents, my brother, and a few other people think I'm the asshole. Edit: Thank you for the comments everyone. I have definitely recognized the fact that I am AN asshole in this situation if maybe not THE asshole. To everyone commenting about cutting my brother out of my life or vice versa, its just a bike and $50 that's not going to happen. To the people commenting about legality and contract law, thank you, it was really interesting and it looks like you put a lot of effort into those replies but also nothing is going to happen with that either. I think I'll buy him a big thing of beer and give him $60 so he can buy a different bike, we can call it an asshole tax... I am keeping the rest of the money. As to anyone concerned about my family dynamic, me and my brother are close, we have done stuff similar to this to each other in the past, its just regular macho brother B.S. so ill probably still lend him money in the future, and he might sell some of my shit, its what ever, we are both stoics and I wouldn't ever"
1513,"AITA for trespassing in a ""closed"" market? Tgis may sound innocent but I'm curious about your opinions. When I was a lot younger, there was a yearly market in the town. It was organised by volunteers once a year but it was really big. Every money spent there went to charity. Basically a giant yard full of stalls. During one year, when the market was open, a big one meter large ship made of wood caught my eye. It was for display, not an actual ship. It costed like 30 dollars. When I saw it it was already late in the evening. The market was closing soon and I also had to go home to ask my parents for some cash. Luckily my parents said yes and I had the 30 dollars. But the ""guard"" of the market at the entrance told me people aren't allowed to enter anymore and it will close when everyone exists. So I basically told the guard that my parents are waiting for me inside the closed market. He let me in I bought the ship and exited through the same entrance where the guard was guarding. I didn't look in his eyes and just ran with the ship. Am I an asshole for doing this?"
1514,"AITA for hanging out with someone who’s taken? So I’m a teenage girl and I hang out with my friend (let’s call him Drake) everyday. He has an extremely clingy girlfriend and she overreacts all the time so he hasn’t told her that I hang out with him. I have my license just not a car so he takes me home Tuesdays and Thursday’s because our schedules match and sometimes we’ll go out to lunch or go to the mall before he takes me home. Drake and I go to a college campus because we are part of a CCP program but she goes to a high school still so they don’t see each other as much as we see each other. I’ve found someone I click with really well before but that was his best friend and we don’t talk anymore and I never really talked to Drake until now. So I’d really like to keep him as a friend, but I feel bad because people keep calling me the “other woman” and they think that I’m trying to get back at his best friend but that’s not the case. His friend ended things on bad terms with me but I’m not that low and also I’m not looking for a relationship, I enjoy being independent and I just haven’t had any luck with relationships so I’d rather not. I’m not hanging with him because I have feelings for him or so I can attempt to piss off his friend, I genuinely enjoy his company as a person. I feel so shitty lately because I feel bad for Drake’s girlfriend because she doesn’t know about us hanging out or us FaceTiming but we never did anything, we just talk and he talks about his girl a lot. Also, I feel bad that I might be hurting his friend and that’s not my intention, I’d gladly talk to him again if he would let me. So am I an asshole? And should I stop being friends with him? EDIT: Update: I talked to Drake and he said he’s gonna talk to his girlfriend and let her know that we hang and such. Thanks everyone for helping :)"
1515,"AITA for kicking my friend out of a roadtrip for fighting with my SO? This actually happened a few years ago, but it's something I still think about. Situation: My SO Jennifer and I are moving across the country so that she can start grad school. We have two cars so we enlist her friend Lisa and my friend Steve to help with the driving. In return, we agree to pay for the meals, hotels, and their airfare back home. Jennifer is extremely stressed on account of being about to start grad school, so she's snappy and easily irritated. Steve is not the type of person to de-escalate a fight, so the two of them are arguing fiercely over minor details every time they interact and smoldering at each other in between, which gets progressively worse over the course of the trip. I make repeated attempts to talk to each of them and broker peace, but it never lasts. Eventually the hostility culminates in a huge shouting match. I decide that enough is enough, and drive Steve to the nearest airport and buy him a ticket on the next plane home. I apologize to him but explain that his presence is making the road trip harder for me and Jennifer rather than easier. That was several years ago, and Steve has not talked to me since then. Am I the asshole for sending my friend home instead of continuing to try to play peacemaker?"
1516,"AITA for buying myself the birthday present I hinted at wanting? TL;DR Hinted at wanting a microscope for my birthday, got something else instead. I enjoy and appreciate the gift, but I still would like to buy myself what I hinted at wanting, but don't want to come across as not liking what I was given. Long version: Usually I have trouble asking for birthday presents, since there's nothing I particularly want, and whenever there is, I just buy it anyway. No need to wait. This year though, when my mom asked me what I might want, I actually had an answer - I told her that a microscope might be fun to get. She seemed excited at the idea as well. However, along with our conversation about presents, I said that I'm pretty easy to please (true) and that perhaps what I want/need is something I didn't know I would be interested in. In other words, I'm open, surprise me. Now I meant every word of that, but at the same time, the more I thought about getting a microscope, the more excited I became at the prospect. I was looking forward to looking at mundane things under the lens, maybe even taking some cool photos. A few weeks later, a science catalog shows up out of nowhere in our mailbox, which just so happens to have a section dedicated to microscopes. I also get a notice from FedEx that something had been attempted to be delivered to my doorstop and now had to be picked up. Gee, I wonder what that could be. A few days before my birthday, I come in and see two presents, one big and one small. I have no idea what the big one is, but I have an inkling about the small one. Finally my birthday comes. The FedEx package turned out to be a present from my girlfriend, a lovely bento box for work. I unwrap the small present from Mom, which turns out to be a portable air compressor. Odd choice, but a useful emergency tool to keep in my trunk in case of a blown tire. ""So,"" I think to myself, ""if that was the small one, then I guess the big one is the microscope? But it seems way too big to be that."" I go to unwrap the big present, and Mom seems quite cautious that I don't nick whatever's inside with the box cutter (it was still in its shipping box). I open the box, and suddenly the compressor makes much more sense - she got me a heavy-duty, inflatable kayak. She explained to me that she took my ""maybe I don't know what I want"" words to heart and got me something she thought me and my girlfriend could go out and use together. Now I mean it when I say, this thing is awesome. I have a normal kayak that I can't lug around in my tiny car, so an inflatable version that can seat two is perfect for me. We blow it up in the"
1517,"AITA for looking through my girlfriend's phone to see if she was cheating on me? This happened 2 years ago, but it's still on my mind. For the record I am no longer dating this girl. This was my senior year of high school, and my girlfriend was a sophomore. It's also important to know that i have an anxiety disorder, so it's very hard for me to let something go if it's bothering me. She was in the music program at our school, just like i was. She was in orchestra, i was in band. She's a generally flirty person, which is fine. There's nothing inherently wrong with that and it didn't bother me too much. But then she started getting extra flirty with this one guy who was in orchestra with her. Me and this other guy go back. We were pretty decent friends freshman year, but i stopped talking to him because he built himself a pretty solid reputation of creeping on random girls. Sending them weird/obsessive/sexual text messages. I nope'd the fuck out of that friendship. But my gf at the time of our dating, about 3 1/2 months into the relationship, started talking to him a lot and being all flirty towards him to the point where other people were coming up to me and asking if something was up with them or if me and her broke up and if they were dating now. I'm obviously not going to tell people who to not talk to, so i wasn't going to be controlling about it, but i knew he was trouble, so i decided to warn her. Whenever i would, she would verbally lash out at me and argue and defend him. It was really bugging me so i'd bring it up sometimes, as would she, and whenever one of us would bring it up we'd start arguing. She always told me how sweet and not-creepy he was, which i obviously knew was not true based on his history. It got to the point where i was starting to develop some trust issues, because whenever she'd come over and a text from him would pop up she'd grab her phone real quick so that i wouldn't see his name. We used to take funny selfies on each others phones but during this time she got really mad whenever i'd go near it (we never went through each other's shit, we'd just take photos). One day after about a month of this going on it was really getting to me, and i noticed she left her phone on the couch when she was showering at my house. I decided to go on her phone and see what was going on, and sure enough, they had been sexting. So i confronted her about it as soon as she stepped out of the shower, and immediately she got really mad, but soon switched to being the victim, and talking about how much she hated him. She claimed to have been guilted into it, with him threatening self harm if"
1518,"AITA for syruping a poorly parked car For backstory, my apartment cannot handle its capacity. Internet, hot water, parking, you name it, when the apartment fills up, nobody gets enough of any of those. Parking is an especially big issue for me, since even though the apartment has a nice garage, they sold more parking passes than they have spaces. They also have a visitor lot, which tows aggressively if you don't pay. Needless to say, it's very important to me that I can get a parking space. Well one night, this wasn't an option. It was 3am, I had just driven back and wanted to go the fuck to sleep. Circled the garage, all 3 and a half floors, completely occupied. But one occupant stood out above the rest. A nice silver generic sedan in two whole spaces. Now there's no way for me to get in contact with the owner, nobody gets their own assigned space, and since I wasn't gonna call a tow truck at 3am just to avoid paying for a few hours of parking, I did what any other disgruntled prick would do. I parked my car in the visitor lot, paid, went home, grabbed a full bottle of maple syrup, went back to the garage, and went to town. It wasn't the whole car, mostly the door handles to make their hands sticky for the whole drive, and the windshield wipers, just so it'd take extra long for their windshield to clean up, but boy was it satisfying. To this day, there are still dark spots on the concrete where my art was previously parked. TL;DR someone took up two spaces in a full lot, had to pay for extra parking despite my parking pass, so I syruped the fuck out of their car."
1519,"AITA For letting a friends habit bother me? This might not be the right place for this, because I'm not sure either of us could be considered an ""asshole"", but my SO and I are hoping to find a verdict. Part of me realizes how petty this is, but it still bothers me. Here's the situation. My best friend/roommate has this habit that drives me insane. Whenever we are out, be it at a party, driving to lunch, at the gym, etc, he has this habit of pointing out people he knows. That's it. He rarely if ever waves at them, talks to them, guy nods, or anything. He just turns to the person he's with, says ""I know him"" or ""there's Kyle"" and continues like nothing happened. For some reason it drives me insane. It just seems so unnecessary and he does it CONSTANTLY. The majority of these people wouldn't even be considered an acquaintance to him, and yet he fells the need to tell the people around him that he knows the name of this tangential person, a glorified stranger, who none of us will ever see or talk to again. Less than 1% of the time its someone he knows well enough to even say hi to. It's almost like he is pointing them out solely to brag that he knows another human being. They aren't his friends, they are just people whose names he happens to know. Obviously, I have never brought up that this bothers me, save for the occasional friendly ribbing I do when he does it in quick succession. For the most part I just bottle it down because it's not worth bringing up and making a beef out of. But today at lunch he did it FOUR times in 30 minutes and when I rolled my eyes at the 5th occurrence, my SO privately asked me why I was agitated, hence this post. She agrees he does this excessively, and the fact he never follows up is odd, but she believes I shouldn't let it bother me because it makes me an asshole. Most of our friends are aware of it, but they don't pay it any attention beyond the odd joke when someone brings it up or he does it. What do you think reddit? Am I an asshole for simply being annoyed by a harmless habit my friend has? Does my unwillingness to communicate these feelings to him make it worse? IS NAME DROPPING OF THIS MAGNITUDE WEIRD SHIT TO DO?!? thanks"
1520,"AITA for riding my bike on the sidewalk? I am writing this because earlier today I was riding my bike and a pedestrian of maybe 50 years old mentioned that bike lanes exist for a reason. I wasn't rude to him or anything, so it was purely the fact that I was riding on the sidewalk. Backstory: I live in a university town which is about a 15 minute bike from campus. When I bike to campus, I always ride on the sidewalks. I keep an eye out for pedestrians and make sure not to harm anyone, and its not a problem because there aren't many people on the sidewalks I go by. My mother is always concerned about me biking and she prefers sidewalks as opposed to bike lanes as well. There are many bike lanes beside the streets in the town, but it can be scary and possibly dangerous with all of the cars flying by. I have seen university students use the bike lanes and others the sidewalks so it is kind of split among the masses too. There are laws against riding bikes on sidewalks where I live, but they are not enforced. I also currently don't wear a helmet but I would if I switch to riding in the bike lanes. TLDR; Am I the asshole for riding my bike on the sidewalk?"
1521,"AITA for saying Australia is 'mostly a desert'? This happened over a year ago so I don't remember all the details, but its still bugging me. I was out at dinner with three friends (in America and I'm American, friend in question is from Singapore) during freshmen year and somehow the topic of living in Australia came up. Someone said how it was so cool that most of the cities in Australia were near beaches and how nice the weather must be. So I then said, ""Well it is mostly a desert.."" which was meant to just be a quick, cheeky comment. I wasn't trying to dismiss her idea, I just felt that was a logical thing to point out. Well the friend in question thought otherwise. She quickly replied with ""How can you say that?"" and later ""That's so insensitive"". From what I can tell, she believes I was saying it like an insult to Australians or to my friend. She believes it was rude to simply call it ""mostly desert"", and she thought it was rude enough to make a comment about it during dinner. I was caught off-guard and really didn't know what to say so I just tried to play it off, unsure if I said something that was very offensive to Australians or something. I spent the rest of dinner trying to sneakily google if I was right. (If you're curious, I am right. Its about 70% desert.) So tell me, is that a mean thing to say? Did it sound rude the way I said it? Or did she overreact to my comment? You be the judge."
1522,"AITA for throwing a banana peel in someone else's car? So this guy driving a nice, polished Audi (I say this because most Audi drivers are dickheads) turns into traffic in front of me causing me to slam on my brakes and lay on the horn as I barely avoiding ramming his ass, and then slows and brakes as if to brake-check me. I switches lanes and as I pass him, he flips me off. So at the stoplight, I toss my fresh banana peel at him and I land it perfectly through the sunroof. It was a nice, slimy one :^) Lands in his passenger seat, and he flips a shit as I drive off. AITA?"
1523,AITA: Roasting the substitute teacher then my parents punishing me? So about 2 days ago I had a sub in my English class who I didn't get along with the greatest. She gave us an assignment about being misrepresented and sometime throughout the class I asked for help on the assignment cause I couldn't find anything. Then she replied that with my looks i probably get misrepresented a lot. Later then she said something about her education and I asked her if that's why shes a substitute English teacher to which the whole class laughed. Then after that she mentioned how she actually had a master's degree in education and I just said that that's a pretty good use of your money. So skip to today and my mom overhears me talking to my brother about the incident then she starts lecturing me about how all children should respect adults and that I'm being a horrible person for talking back at her insult. She then tells me that I don't deserve respect and that even though I might not agree with someone they still are the adult and I should be silent. We argue a little more when my dad comes in and takes my gum supply that I recently bought (I sell gum at my school) and sais that their his cause I live under his roof and I only have rights that he allows me to have. We argue some more to when he gets mad enough to put one of his hands around my neck and dares me to say another word. So here I am in the bathroom typing this out. Am I the asshole for insulting my teacher?
1524,"AITA for going apesh*t on racist joke? I go to a high school in Colorado comprised of 98% + white kids. Recently, our school hired two new very nice security guards who happen to be black. Flash forward to statistics class this morning when I overhear a snobby white kid semi facetiously complain about how blacks ""are taking over"". I myself am white too, but I hate how openly and frequently kids can be racist then try to justify it by backpedaling with the ""its just a joke"" bs. Anyhow I proceed to start berating this kid just cussing his snobby face out. No physical altercation, but I raised my voice to the point were I could see he was embarrassed by the attention the situation was gathering in class. Was this uncalled for? How big of an ass was I?"
1525,"AITA for trying to set things right with people I have wronged? Throwaway because reasons. Long rant. TL;DR at the bottom. So let's just say it the way it is: I'm kind of a compulsive liar. After years of denial about this, I started trying to get my shit together and have been doing therapy to try to stop listening to my impulses. I don't lie just because, there are some particular situations where my mouth just runs on its own and halfway through it I think ""what the hell am I doing"" but I just can't stop until I'm finished. One such situation is when I try to make new friends. I mostly identify something that person likes and then I say something related as if me or someone close to me also do that. I know. Pathetic. My therapist says it's a combination of being really good at reading people and not having many friends as a kid. He also says the feelings of guilt for having lied to them make me the ""greatest friend ever"", that guy who is always ready to help you move or drive you to the airport free of charge. It worked for years. Until the cat got out of the box and I suddenly saw myself surrounded with people who despised me. I also despised me for basing a good percentage of my relationships on things I never did and people that never existed. Apparently people stop trusting you when they find out they can't trust what you say. That was a recipe for disaster and I came pretty close to rock bottom. When that happened I tried reaching out to 3 specific friends, those who I felt I had been the most dependable and resourceful throughout the whole time I had met them, people I felt I could trust. It's important to say about 8 years had passed since I met them and they had been fed the heaviest lies. I thought of different approaches, like really trying to explain what it was and how I felt, but it didn't go so smoothly with them smirking and rolling their eyes at every third word. In the end I cried a lot and asked for help. They mostly laughed at my face, saying I was just trying to feed them more bullshit. When one of them got up all of them left. That all hurt a lot. My only family is about 2000 miles away and all the connections I made over the last 8 years don't look like they will take me seriously again any time soon. Moving is not an option at the moment. I need people to understand my situation, but the ones who know me won't listen. Am I the asshole? **TL;DR: I lie to get people's approval. Shit hit the fan. I tried opening up and people didn't listen. Therapy is helping.**"
1526,AITA for not knowing the proper name someone wants to go by?
1527,"AITA for setting a time limit on a relationship? Related to this post I made yesterday: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/72tytv/aita_for_ending_a_relationship_because_she_held/ TLDR: I dated someone for a year. At the beginning of the relationship I told them that it wouldn't last more than two years because I was graduating and wanted a ""clean slate"" essentially. Am I an asshole for doing this? I figured as long as this was communicated and agreed upon then what's the big deal?"
1528,AITA For posting directions to a hidden river spot on a local hiking Facebook page I'm an avid landscape photographer and stumbled across a beautiful hidden spot up a river on the weekend. It takes 15 minutes up waist high water to reach the spot. I took a picture and posted it to a local hiking Facebook group with ~30k members. The post got around 1000 likes but I got some comments telling me to be careful about posting secret/hidden spots in the page as it may draw too much attention and too many people will visit them. Am I I the wrong for posting these? The way I see it is the hidden spots are hidden for the reason that they're hard to get to and find and that most people won't go through the trouble of navigating through logging roads and bush wacking to get to these spots. What are your thoughts?
1529,"AITA For getting so annoyed with my family..... .....because they cannot find anything and are always bugging me to help them. They dont even look half the time. Wheres the phone, wheres the charger, wheres my shoes, oh heres my phone, wheres my backpack, wheres a pencil, wheres the remote? Jesus fucking christ people. Youre not searching the desert for two droids. Its a simple object in a finite space. Fucking find it. Get off your ass, use your fucking eyes and LOOK. 90% of the time its right in front of you. And if you know you left your phone in a particular place, and I am nice enough to get it for you, you had better tell me the righ fucking place. Dont send me to the car for something in your pocket. I get we all make mistakes, but this is the norm. Half of all my conversations with them are just asking me to find shit."
1530,"AITA for getting mad when bf cleans? Well, not just cleans really. He's currently not working and I've been pulling overtime so we can pay rent and whatnot (groceries, laundry, gas, cigarettes for him, etc.) Well I knew I would be swamped at work today and I'm doing an extra shift tomorrow, but the apartment still had to be cleaned. So, I asked my bf if he could just get a few things done for me such as vacuum, do the dishes, and wipe down the kitchen counters. When I get home he is JUST starting to do it all. He says it's no big deal because he'll just do it but I absolutely HATE seeing a dirty house so I just felt inclined to do everything myself. Am I wrong for getting upset at him?"
1531,"AITA for calling out a girl in my class about intentionally getting other people sick? Context, we're both seniors in high school. We were all just hanging out in the classroom before the period started and this girl at my table started talking about how she's sick atm and is making it ""her goal to infect as many other people as possible"". I told her I couldn't tell if she was joking or not and she said that she was 100% serious and did it because she thought it was funny. I resented that for some reason I told her something along the lines of ""that's fucked up and borderline sadistic. Not even that, it's just an asshole thing to do"". One of my friends at the table was jokingly like ""woah ornitholoqy101 is triggered"" to which I said something like ""yeah I am, that's just a cruel thing to do"" then class started and that was that. AITA?"
1532,"AITA - My neighbours were driving over and parking on my driveway so I got my landlord to put a stop to it This is an Tldr of the previous post was that my new neighbours were driving over and parking on my walkway and driveway. I wanted it to stop because they had never asked if it was okay and their truck was too big for their lot which meant they'd overhang on my walkway. They also don't have a legal driveway. So for over a year I put up with it. I'd tell them to move their truck if the overhang was excessive and they'd tell me they'd do it later. It wouldn't happen. The summer wasn't so bad and I put up with it but last winter was a doozy and there was so much snow. They'd drive over the fresh snow on my driveway throughout the day while I was at work and by the time I was home to shovel it'd be compacted and icy so I had to spend hours clearing it or else I'd risk being fined by the city and not have my mail delivered to me. Light uncompacted snow could be cleared within an hour but when compacted it'd take me well over 2-3 hours and a tonne of salt (which puts my plants at risk.) I was getting pissed. Then in the spring I noticed that my walkway was sinking and flooding so I couldn't go in or out of my house without getting soaked. The sinking stones was in perfect alignment with their tires. So I asked my landlord if they had an easement. He said that they didn't and they shouldn't be driving over it. I was on good terms with their landlord so I told him my grievances and that my landlord confirmed there was no easement. He responded by saying that his tenants will be more careful of the overhang. It continued for a few more months so I told my landlord I wanted the problem solved as I had already reached out to the neighbours and their landlord. I mentioned in my previous post that my landlord is hotheaded and sure enough he went nuclear. Instead of talking to the neighbours he installed a barrier without notifying them. Just suddenly one day they didn't have access to a driveway. Now here is where I need help determining if/where I am the asshole. The neighbours' landlord reached out to me asking why there was a permanent barrier and that his tenants have two toddlers and they need the driveway. I told him to contact my landlord. My landlord ended up telling him he only did it to make me happy and he will remove the barrier if I say to. Thing is, my problem is resolved so now I don't want it removed. But everyone else is unhappy with the barrier. The other tenants in my house think I'm being callous because the neighbours now have to park on the street and it's unfair as they have two"
1533,"AITA: Started dating my friend's ex. Throwaway, some of my friends use reddit, but the story is unique so I don't think it matters, anyways, here's what happened. Around late May, early June, he starts talking to this girl, who I won't name. Anyways, they start getting closer and he starts dating her in mid-June. Keep in mind, my friend just got out of a 2 year relationship, and a month later, he's back in a relationship. Anyways, him and her are going well, but at some point he talks to me about taking a break with her, saying he isn't ready for another relationship. I support him, being a good friend, help him through it, what to say/do. Eventually they find time and he tells her. She was okay with it, but also weary, rightfully so. Nothing really happens from there, but my friend is constantly going on about fucking other girls, and trying to get head from any pretty girl that walks basically. I went on vacation to Europe for most of July, and when I came back, I made a snapchat story saying I was finally back. The girl he was taking a break with messages me on my drive home from Toronto. We start talkin' about how it was, and then delve deeper into what's going on between her and my friend. I'm basically just telling her, he still cares about her, and she shouldn't worry. During our conversation, she turned out to be a really good conversationalist. I genuinely enjoyed talking to her, so we continued. I specifically told my friend that we've been talking a lot, and I was telling him things she said she was worried about, and consistently reinforcing his side. Somewhere down the line, she wanted to hang out with me, so we did the week she came back from her vacation. We walked from my house to Subway and got some food. My friend drove by us and recognized me, so he picked me and her up to drive us back to my house. The whole ride, according to him I was acting weird, but I actually noticed nothing different. After he dropped us off, we just talked and I shared some memories from my close friend group. She got picked up by her mom and we hugged, that was it. I walked back to my house, and I pretty much immediately realized I had feelings for her. He was pretty, she was cool, I could talk to her about random shit for hours, and she just so happened to be the same nationality as me. It's like the stars aligned... oh wait.... my friend plans on getting back with her.... god fucking damn it. I sat on that for 3 days. I came to the conclusion that I should let my friend know, and I should let her know. One day, she's texting me and she asks for honesty hour, a thing we do where we just unload all of our stresses and things we got going on. Anyways, she says"
1534,"AITA for refusing to help someone after they led me on? Tina and I have known each other for years. Never really explored anything beyond a bit of making out and some innocent fondling years ago. So Tina is now going through a divorce and keeps calling me. ""I miss you"" ""When can I see you again?"" ""You're the only person who always makes me smile."" When we see each other in person, she plays with my hair, feels my muscles, and snuggles up to me. So one night, after all this is going on, she asked me to spend the night. I would have, but it being a work night and me needing to deal with things at home (my dog among them) I really couldn't. She was disappointed, but understood. I leaned over and kissed her, which made her smile, and left. The next day she began blowing up my phone. ""That was inappropriate"" ""I hope you didn't think that I wanted anything more than friendship"" ""I can't believe you did that"" ""I see you as a friend and that was really not cool"". So ever since then, I haven't made an effort to see her, answer her calls, or call her back. She's upset wondering where her friend went because apparently I'm the only person who was there for her as a friend. This is, largely, because I feel she led me on. She wanted the emotional affection and support of a relationship without any physical aspect. Some friends have told me it's a good decision. Still others have insisted that it's an asshole move on my part to leave her alone when she's emotionally fragile and looking for a friend. What do you think?"
1535,"AITA for not stopping my shower? I just started college this week. On my first day in the dorm, I decided to take an evening shower at 10 PM. After I've started the water but before I'd gotten in completely, a guy runs into the bathroom and knocks on the stall. He explained that his room shares a thin wall with the shower, and could I use it at a different time because I was trying to sleep. I said okay and he left... but then I got in the shower anyways. Feel kinda shitty for disturbing his sleep and going to transition to morning showers, but for this interaction, am I the asshole?"
1536,"AITA for leaving my GF in her time of need? My GF and I had been planning to move in together ever since I was living in another country. She convinced me to come back to my home country permanently just to be with her. We would rent a big apartment and move in together. So I quit my job and planned for my return. However, just a couple days before my travel, we had an argument and she stopped talking to me for months without even mentioning a reason (later I found out she was jealous of a female friend). This kind of behavior has been the staple of our relationship. We make a commitment, she gets mad, stops talking to me and blocks me everywhere and I have to make things right, regardless of who is at fault. My biggest gripe with her is that she never holds her end of the bargain. She has recently undergone foot surgery and is using a wheelchair. She brought up moving in together again with a condition: we need her mother's approval first. And her mother doesn't like me. We argued again and she left. I haven't checked in on her for the last 2 days even though I know she needs help. AITA reddit? (Sorry if I have poor English, it's not my mother language)"
1537,AITA for not preventing an obvious car crash? I was in a parking lot walking towards 2 cars where I knew 100% the car backing up would hit the car waiting for their spot (due to the layout of the parking lot and the way the driver had to backup). I just watched instead of trying to stop it. Am I an asshole for that?
1538,"AITA for not being cool with my girlfriend hanging out with someone who has a crush on her? For context, we were engaged but within the past two weeks I found out she was texting her ex behind my back (no cheating but she still lied about it) and that caused her to reveal we wanted different things in life and decided to call off the wedding while we compromise. I ended up checking into a mental hospital last week and during that week I found out that one of our mutual friends has a crush on my girlfriend. Originally, my girlfriend said she thinks she had a baby crush on her that wasn’t going to go anywhere but now says she was wrong about that after I expressed my concerns about that. Today while I was at work I asked her how home was and she told me she was giving said friend a ride home. I understood of course because said friend doesn’t have reliable transportation. After a bit I asked her to pick me up some money and she told me she was actually out playing bowling with said friend. I told her I was a bit uneasy and she started by saying she had told me until I pointed out she had but after I had told her I wasn’t sure of it she said she probably wasn’t going to go and had told me she was just dropping off said friend. She then said I should have known since she said she wasn’t home, which she hasn’t. I don’t want to be the kind of person who tells my SO who and who they can’t hang out with, especially since this friend just went through a bad break up and needs friends, but with things recently and my anxiety I feel hurt she doesn’t seem to be taking into consideration my feelings. Am I the asshole for not wanting them to hang out?"
1539,"AITA for cutting off this dude mid-sentence? On vacation. Went to GameStop Tuesday. We don't have one in our town, and I usually just use eBay or Amazon. This store is pretty small, and there's two or three groups of high schoolers and middle schoolers scattered around. I walk in. A dude my age (~19, maybe 20, kinda cute, colored streak in his hair, I'm female) walks up, ""can I help you find anything?"" ""Sure, used 3ds games?"" He walks me over. ""Thanks."" Aaaand then he stands there. ""So, what are you into? RPGs?"" Ummm... ""Just... Looking for something for the ride back to our home state, thanks."" He's still there. ""Okay, there's also used DS games over here, want me to unlock the case for you?"" ""I'm good, thanks, just wanna look."" ""...oh. Okay."" He shuffles his feet a bit. ""Oh, hey, if you're a Nintendo fan, there's a bunch of collector stuff up front too, take a look!"" ""Thank you. Appreciate it. I'll let you know if you need help."" He kind of stares a few seconds, and then wanders off to help some kids ring up Five Nights at Freddy's. (They're super excited.) I browse for what feels like 30 seconds and another dude, same age, dark hair, wanders up. ""Hey, can I help you find anything?"" ""No, thanks, I'm good."" ""Oh, okay. Let me know."" Wanders off. I find ACNL and take it to the counter, and the first boy comes to ring me up. ""So, you find everything okay?"" ""Yup, thanks."" ""You a GameStop member?"" ""No, thanks."" ""Oh, you mean, not, like, at all? Well, you totally should be! There's all sorts of premium benefits like-"" ""No, thank you."" His face kind of falters and he looks down at the cash register. ""...oh. Okay then..."" He rings me up in silence and I take off. TL;DR : Okay, so was this dude just following the retail script for upsells and to make sure every customer knows there's someone watching them, to deter shoplifting, or something else? His reaction after my repeated no-thank-yous was kind of like I spit in his face, and I feel bad but I'm not sure what i did wrong? AITA?"
1540,"AITA for telling my dad that he smells? Hey, so I was pretty hot headed when I said what I said and I know it's an asshole thing to say, but am I the asshole when the context is added? I've been living with my dad for 2 years. I've been to college, been unemployed and now i'm working full time while he's working half of full time (week on week off). He's a heavy cigerette smoker. He smokes everywhere and the smell of his strong cigarette smoke is passed onto me. To stop this, I told my dad I appreciated him helping me out, but I also told him to stop washing my clothes, stop ironing my clothes and I want to dry my clothes in a room where he isn't smoking (he would wash and iron my clothes if they are in with his). Before I had a job, I would do my own and it would be fine, but now that I have a job, I don't really have the time to iron all my clothes so I iron what I need when I need it. I'd accidentally leave my clothes drying too long and my dad would put them in the ironing basket. After a few weeks of him putting clothes into the ironing basket, they stocked up and today, he started ironing them himself. I saw him ironing my stuff and I said calmly, ""Ah dad, sure leave my stuff, I don't need them ironed"". He then starts shouting at me telling me he's been up for hours doing my clothes, that they're just left there and I don't have the time so he wants to help (when really he just wants to get the out of the way). I said ""just do your stuff, separate mine and leave them for me to put in my room so they're not in your way"". He said he's not doing that because he can't live in a house where things are just left there (again very OCD and anxious) and he asked why I don't want him to help. Out of frustration of telling him for months not to touch my clothes, I said ""because you smell"". obviously he was very offended, put my shirt back into the basked and said ""Well this is the thanks I get for doing your shit, you tell me I smell"" I clarified that I meant he smells like smoke and he's aware of my issues with his smoking. He storms off aaaaaand SCENE. Am I the asshole? I feel like an asshole but I did tell him not to and he did it anyway. TLDR; Living with dad. Dad is a heavy smoker and the smell passes onto me and my clothes. I get sick of people asking if I smoke and leaving bad impressions with people so I ask my dad to stop ironing. I leave my clothes drying for too long and my dad puts clothes in the ironing basket. After leaving the clothes for too long, my dad irons"
1541,"AITA for cleaning my son and DIL's apartment while she was in labor? (Full disclosure, my mom tried to post this and it got removed. Pretty sure because she tried to censor the word asshole? Either way, I created a throwaway to help her post it. Hope that's cool. Also, be gentle-ish - she's not a Reddit native.) Her words: My daughter-in-law and I have never really gotten along. She has always been cold with me and I don't know why. She's hard to get to know. But she is good to my older son and I love her for that. I was surprised when my daughter-in-law got pregnant that she did not want either myself or her own mother present at the birth. That is not how I did things and I wanted all the support I could get from people I know and trust. Instead she hired a doula to coach her through. She said it was because a stranger would be less pressure. I didn't understand really but I accepted it. But I still wanted to support her and my son somehow. When she was in labor, they asked me to feed their dog and cat. I was given a key. When I was in their home, I decided to deep clean the entire apartment. I scrubbed and organized. I changed their sheets. I put away all their clean clothes on the floor and washed, dried, folded, and put away the dirty clothes I found strewn about. I made sure there was no dog or cat hair on the floor. I vacuumed. The apartment was sparkling when I was done. When they came home, they thanked me but I noticed my DIL was distant. She kept pulling away more and more over the next few weeks, even leaving the room when I would visit. She said that it was so she could get a break but I could tell she was upset or angry. I kept asking my son (her husband) and finally he told me that she thought it was ""presumptuous and controlling"" that I cleaned their house. He said he understood that I had good intentions, but he also feels like I made her feel bad. I am flabbergasted! I just wanted to help. I didn't want a new mother to have to clean her whole house when she came home from the hospital. I thought she would be grateful. I am very hurt by her response. My son who pointed me towards Reddit thinks I was intrusive. But he thinks other people's perspective could be interesting. I am willing to try. Am I the asshole?"
1542,"AITA for not wanting to share a hotel room with my step dad? My mom, step dad, sister, and I are on a trip together. We go home tomorrow. We were in one city up til now, but we drove in to the city we fly home from today (we arrived today and fly home tomorrow.) Up til now, my sister and I shared a hotel room, and my mom and step dad another. In the new city, we have two rooms, but they are in different hotels avout 15min apart. For reference, I'm 24. My mom married my step dad when I was 14 and while I consider him my Dad, he was never around before I hit puberty. The issue is, my mom wants to switch to a hotel in one of the hotels with two beds instead of having us stay in both hotels. The other hotel room is free, so it's just a convenience thing. She asked my opinion and I told her I wasn't super comfortable staying in a room with my step dad, especially because I'm on my period right now. I love him like he's my father, but I'm a grown woman. I don't mind sharing with my sister in the slightest, we even shared a bed in the last room. I know it's inconvenient and it's only one night, but I'd really rather not share a room and bathroom with my step dad. My mom is annoyed and keeps saying ""we'll see,"" but it just seems ridiculous to not just use the other room. Am I the asshole? Edit- Because it's been asked a few times already: the second room is free. It will not cost anyone anything extra to use it. We work for the same company, and were originally here for a conference, so no one is here on anyone else's dime. We just stayed a few extra days."
1543,"AITA for Standing up against my boss Hello, this happened on Friday morning just after we started our shifts. Anyways, I was in the back office preparing coffee for myself, and in front of the back office my boss asked for a coffee from me. But he said this in a very low voice so I just assumed that he wanted his coffee because that is his daily routine. While I was preparing his coffee my voworker who was at the moment talking with the boss asked me if I heard, I said yes with ""humming"" in the beginning. Anyways I brought the coffee to my boss and out of blue he starts saying I should not ""humm"", it sounds like ""I am not going to do what he has asked for"" according to him. Now, at the moment I am pissed; I am not really a morning person, I am a sales person not his personel assistant, I have been warned at the end of last week and at the beginning of the same week, because of some shitty reasons but they were work-related so I had approved them. But this time it felt like it was not work-related whatsoever. Because he was basically commanding me about how to talk. Suddenly I become clearly angry (he notices this), but still politely say that ""I am sorry my talk make you feel this way; but I am not going to change my talk at this point of my life"". To gather another opinion he asks the other coworker about the situation, he (without any caring) says that he did not notice the fault in my speech. Then, the boss definetly not meaning it, apoligizes. Now the thing is I will be laid off, I am sure of it but am I the asshole in this scenario?"
1544,"AITA for not wanting a relationship with my brother? TL;DR: My brother is an asshole. Do I have to hang out with him? My brother and I have always had a strained relationship. We're both in our 30's now. I just don't want to have anything to do with him. He's very odd - bi-polar, narcissistic, pathological liar, a little on the spectrum, generally an asshole to people, etc., but also very creative, which has gotten him a somewhat celebrity status. Lots of people who don't know him well love him and think he's just awesome. In the past he's said my parents/grandparents don't love me, called my wife fat, told people I work with that I'm dangerous and shouldn't be around children, (I work with kids). He once pushed my mom down. We have gotten in many physical altercations throughout the years, but these waned as we matured. He got sick a couple years ago and has been in an out of the hospital. His sickness was due to his own shitty life choices. He's not an addict, but his condition was absolutely avoidable - I don't want to get in to too many specifics. But he doesn't seem to want to get better. So this complicates things, because I'm even more obligated now than before. He doesn't work now, and hardly worked before. Our parents who retired essentially had to come out of retirement and start another business to give him a job. Now he can't work and my parents are stuck with the business. He lives in a house parents gave him, drives the car parents gave him. This is a guy who is nearly 40. He essentially mooches off my parents, even though he inexplicably has money to take lavish vacations several times a year. He will randomly do gofundmes to pay ""medical bills"", and has raised a lot of money that way. My parents are in complete denial about him, and desperately want us to have a good relationship. We were both raised the same, well-educated, had the same opportunities. My parents worked their asses off to make sure we had a better life than they did. I turned out successful in life, and he didn't. When he was little he got sick and had brain inflammation. My parents essentially blame all his shitty behavior on this one thing. That and his wife who came into the picture about 10 years ago, (who btw, is also college educated and for some reason only works part time at a menial job -- they don't have kids, thank god). Parents think he got worse when she came around, but he's just the same as he's always been. Actually better since he's actually seeing a psychiatrist and on meds, something my parents don't support because they're old and don't understand mental illness. They're very resentful of the wife since she hardly came to the hospital when he was sick. But really they're looking for any scapegoat besides my brother for everything that's happened. My parents know about my feelings on"
1545,"AITA for wanting to buy Christmas gifts for my family? Every year I spend Christmas at my sisters house with her husband, two teenage sons, my mother, my fiancé and my toddler. By this Christmas I’ll also have a newborn baby. We’ve been doing this for over ten years now. The same argument happens in the few months before Christmas, every single year. My sister tells me she doesn’t intend to buy anyone Christmas gifts this year, and I say that’s fine but I really enjoy finding cute little things for people, so I intend to do so as usual. I really could not give the slightest fuck about receiving gifts. We always have a really lovely day together, and it’s a happy time regardless of gifts. I have a shady history of Christmas from my childhood, where I’d get berated for being excited about Christmas (because I guess my mum thought it was greed, that I only cared about the gifts?) and a few really miserable Christmases where Mum ghosted us for her shitty alcoholic then-boyfriend. Christmas is also around the time where I lost my amazing grandmother (28th December) and my dad (1st January). But one of the things I love about Christmas now I’m older, is buying people things. I don’t spend a fortune, or even much, I just find happy little things that I think people will enjoy. The nights I spend during December surrounded by gift wrap and ribbon are some of my favourites of the whole year. It’s really fucking aggravating that year after year, this process I love so much gets shit on. It’s not even like my sister has a modest Christmas with her husband and kids - they spend literally thousands of pounds on the kids and each other, and that’s their right - they both work hard and can afford it. She says she doesn’t want to “do gifts” because she’s worried about my finances, but isn’t that my job? My finances aren’t as healthy as theirs for sure but I don’t spend beyond my means, nor would I. I just don’t understand why this is such a bone of contention. But my family act like I’m a stubborn asshole for wanting to enjoy this aspect of Christmas. It doesn’t matter how clear I make it that I am absolutely fine with receiving nothing, but I truly love this and can afford it without worrying etc, it still turns into this stressful shit. I’ve spent enough christmases getting beaten down emotionally, I am determined to enjoy this time of year! For what it’s worth, her husband is on my side and doesn’t seem to want it to be an issue. Also she is 18 years older than I am, so there is a bit of an uneven family dynamic where I’ve always done what I was told but am now thoroughly an adult (32) and have my own clear ideas of how I want to spend my money and time. And she always gets something special and lovely for our Mum. I"
1546,"AITA for asking my SO for gas money? So, I've been seeing my SO for about two years now, and she recently moved about 45 minutes away from where I live. This normally wouldn't be a huge issue, but she has a medical condition where she can't drive. She also gets A LOT of money in disabilities services from the state - which she uses pretty liberally. I work six jobs, and I don't make as much as she does - plus I'm in college. It's about a $10 round trip to get to her house when I see her, and add to that when we do get together, we have to drive a ways to get somewhere to eat or hang out so I'm easily spending $15 a day to see her - not counting food for myself, etc. She says it's unfair that I ask her to pay gas money because ""You should want to see me too, this way it feels like I'm paying you to see me"". I'm not crazy in saying that she should be paying part of that money, right?"
1547,"AITA for matter-of-factly calling someone a drunk So this girl. Me 34m, her 28f. We're neighbours, and great friends, and I genuinely enjoy her company, and we've fooled around a bit but it would never work because we always get in dumb arguments and she gets ridiculously insulting and I won't date someone who says hateful things when they lose their temper. ANYWAY. Yesterday she asks to borrow my vacuum, and I say fine, just bring it back tonight (I'm very protective of my vacuum). She groans a bit, and I'm like, why do you need it for more than a couple of hours at most, you can come borrow it any time you want, you just can't keep it overnight. A few hours later she asks what I'm up to and I say not much, want to come for dinner? and she says ""nope, I'm out for the night, xo."" And I say ""so, does that mean you're done with my vacuum,"" and she says ""don't worry, I'll lock up."" And I say ""Haha, listen, I want my vacuum,"" and she says ""Is that really your brain process works? Are you kidding me? I'll be over with your damn vacuum in an hour."" Two hours go by, and I message her, saying ""hey, what's up?"" She replies: ""Hello you."" I say ""Vacuum?"" And she loses it: ""Omg...you're fucking pathetic, I actually hate you, come get your damn vacuum."" I think she's mad that I don't trust her with it. I'm not a super trusting person, I don't think that makes me an asshole, but whatever. I go over to her house and get the vacuum. She's drunk and belligerent and mean, and I leave, and I send her a message saying something like ""No idea what your problem is, but I'll come and ask you tomorrow."" Next morning (this morning). She asks my buddy (31m) and I if we want to go for brunch. I tell buddy that I'm still super unimpressed with her for being so rude, and that I'd LOVE to go to brunch with her and call her out for it. Buddy laughs and says he will not bring me if I don't agree to behave, so I agree to behave. We get to White Spot and we're talkin' and getting along great, until the conversation turns to her being mad at me for talking shit about somebody...then she says that she read my phone once and saw all the shit that I talk about her. I roll my eyes...buddy interjects that whatever I was saying probably didn't feel to me like ""talking shit."" She pointed out the time that I told some other girl that I couldn't meet up with her because I was ""babysitting a drunk."" I just shrugged and said ""so?"" ""A drunk,"" she says. I look at her and say ""You are a drunk."" I mean, she is. Buddy is already excusing himself to go and have a smoke because he knows this isn't turning out good. Girl looks mad and maybe a little"
1548,"AITA: For Letting My Wife Believe a Psychic? My wife recently attended a party with her friends, where they hired a psychic medium. Almost immediately after entering her friend's home, the psychic knew my wife's name and starting talking about her grandmother, to whom my wife was very close, and had sussed out her grandmother's nationality, my nationality (I'm Canadian), and the nickname her grandmother called her. She mentioned my sister-in-law's last name, and brought up a rocking chair that is in our living room. She also mentioned a hole in our kitchen wall (we're doing renovations) My wife was flabbergasted and was also very emotional about all the things the psychic said about her grandmother. Here's the thing...I'm a MASSIVE skeptic and consider psychics and mediums to be parasitic scumbags that prey on the grief of innocent people. I have very deeply-held beliefs that there is a line that should be drawn between entertainment and using deception for financial gain, and psychics disgust me. As my wife was telling my sister-in-law about the experience (both were very emotional about it), I went on her friend's Instagram, where my wife and her friends are prominently featured in photos. Through that I got to my wife's account, where there were pictures of our home renovations and a picture of our living room...where the rocking chair can be seen. There are also many pictures of my wife and her sister, since they are very close and we live in the same city. One of the pictures is of them at my sister-in-law's wedding shower. Both standing in front of a banner that has my sister-in-law's married last name on it. There are also many pictures of us, our recent vacation (that the psychic also mentioned) and pictures of us visiting my family in Canada. All of this deception bullshit is right out there for anyone to see, if they're willing to look. I'm furious that my wife's grief was exploited in this way, but she was very affected by the encounter and it's very clear that this has brought her some closure. For this reason, I've decided to keep my mouth shut and let her believe what she wants. So does that make me an asshole?"
1549,"AITA for not helping my friend? Me: a recovering Nice Guy ^^tm who generally does enjoy helping people but has trouble saying no and setting boundaries which has lead to being taken advantage of in the past. Severe social anxiety and awkward, I have never had many friends but get very close with the ones I do make. Currently unemployed but financially comfortable after recently getting out of the Navy. My friend, Ella: Honest, trustworthy, extremely outgoing, a smooth talker who takes no shit and speaks her mind without hesitation. Strong narcissistic tendencies. Has the hustle and hot head that a white woman growing up in the hood has to have if she is to survive. consistently unemployed (due to aforementioned hot head and lack of filter). Sometimes in poor health due to previous injuries. Has no car. I met Ella and her girlfriend Bea about a year ago and we immediately hit it off. I as an introvert was happy to have an extroverted, exciting friend take me under their wing and she, being from the hood, was happy to have a reliable honest male friend. We did became very close. In fact, she has told me I am her best (platonic friend), and she is mine. I am also good friends with her girlfriend, Bea, who is way more laid back, quiet, and likes playing Nintendo. In addition to all the fun things we do together we help each other out in many ways: She gets me her good connections for anything from drugs to car repairs, helps me learn to stand up for myself a bit more, helps me sell weed, etc. I drive her and Bea around quite a bit, from doctors appointments, to work, to job interviews, to stores, and any fun thing we go to do. I helped them move when their friend didn't show up with a moving truck. I don;t want to get into a score card of who contributed what throughout the relationship. What matters is: as the months went on, I started to sense some familiar signs of being taken advantage of. More and more, Ella would call to ask for help with minor errands, not even to hang out. She would call for help with emergencies, but I am starting to realize that her life is an endless string of emergencies, of which there are many because she and her family and most of her friends are basically at the poverty line. Ever see Shameless? Its basically like that). She started borrowing money. We still do fun things and I still love her but I was starting to feel resentful. Things came to a head this afternoon: she called telling me ( *telling* me, mind you. Not asking) that I needed to pick her up and bring her to the store because her grandmother's house was infested with fleas. I wanted no part of it, and told her no, and that I was sick of being treated like her personal Uber. Before I even finished my sentence she exploded, calling me"
1550,"AITA for almost breaking up with my boyfriend because he flirted with my friend We were at a party and my boyfriend talked to my friend for most of it. He's a bit shy and only went to the party for my sake, which is why I was so shocked when he kept talking to my friend. He and her were laughing and talking the whole night. He tried to involve me a few times but I was getting upset so I didn't. We all played a few games together and he tapped her arm a few times to point out things (they were on the same couch together). I was crying by the end of it. I told him about it and almost broke up with him over it. He acted like he didn't know what happened. I told him and he said ""what? In no way were we flirting we were just talking"". They both claim there wasn't flirting but they talked and laughed for like 3 hours together right in front of me. My boyfriend still to this day claims I overreacted to nothing, I still feel I was pretty justified in being pissed."
1551,"AITA for slamming pots and pans around to make noise to wake my boyfriend up after he didn't clean the house ... Ok, so it probably wasn't my greatest moment. Here is some background information. I am the main provider of the household, I work full time and he is currently on uni break and his sleeping pattern is something like 7pm - 3am. I asked him before I went to work if he could do the dishes and put on a load of washing. We also made plans for dinner together since we havn't spent any time together because of his sleeping pattern and my work schedule. So firstly, he cancels on dinner. Fine. Then I get home and it is an absolute mess. Dishes in cold water in the sink, a cup of noodles opened and full of water sitting on the bench (it's cold by this point) and crumbs from toast EVERYWHERE and he is asleep. So I was really frustrated and made loud noises (slamming cabinets, etc) until he woke up to come and help me. This is not the first time this has happened. I feel like he is not pulling his weight. I have brought this up in with him before, but he just blames me for making him move here (????). This is the only way I get the response I want."
1552,"AITA for considering break up with my partner due to laziness, childish behaviour & lack of sex drive Longish post, so i apologise ahead of time. We met at uni, got together just over 5 years ago, got engaged a few years ago, but currently ""on hold"" (more important things to do + relationship issues) Roughly 18 months in to our relationship, we started having sex less and less, I had initially put this down to stress from final year at uni and nothing too much to worry about, but this has continued for nearly 3 1/2 years, we've has several discussions about this, and nothing seems to be happening. We currently have the agreement that I am able to meet with others on NSA basis with her permission - though i haven't done this yet, i guess it being an option helps. She is a very untidy person, and doesn't seem to know how to tidy something up, and isn't comfortable in a tidy house, every surface area in our house ends up with something on top of it as when it is tidy it feels too ""empty"", while im not the tidiest person myself, i like to keep things reasonable, though she doesn't see the issue. Most nights after coming in from work, she will just nap on the sofa and not doing anything, or zombie out and watch TV all night, with little interest in doing anything (playing games etc), which frustrates me as she has no interest in doing anything and just wastes time sleeping (its not even that she gets a shortage of sleep as she easy gets 9+ hours most days, longer on weekends. ""Jobs"" around the house are fairly evenly split, though she does slightly more than me when it comes to cooking / washing. Though i tend to do any DIY / tidying. Whenever I try to bring up a topic i feel we need to talk about whether it be trying to keep the house tidier, being nicer when talking about colleagues or trying to revive our sexlife, If i say something she doesn't like her response will be to either sit down on the floor and cry, or run off to the bedroom and cry instead of being able to talk about it. AFAIK I'm not being rude or aggressive, just being vocal about issues which bother me as i dont feel ignoring them is healthy. All of these problems happening on and off for the last 3 1/2 years, spoken to her about it given several ""deadlines"" for us to try and improves things however minimal improvement and only seems to be shortterm. Am I being an asshole for thinking maybe it's just better if we quit it. we are ""happy"" in regards that we live a fairly easy life, both decent jobs, mortgage for a house, a dog. we can spend time together and play games and have fun, book holidays. There is just also a lot of things that we seemingly dont agree on life style wise."
1553,"AITA for getting a little annoyed at my SO for talking to some other dude all the time when we see each other? So my significant other and I have been in a relationship for almost 8 months now and things have been wonderful. Things between us just click. We both have had things to do (of course is school life) and so we see each other when we can. When we do hang out though, we talk for a little bit--maybe 15-20 minutes--and then she pulls out her phone and starts doing other stuff. Most of the time when she does this, she just talks to this one dude, we'll call him Isaac. I really don't care if she talks to other people, it's not my place to care because she has free-will and I really couldn't care less. The thing is what really gets me is that she also hangs out with Isaac a lot too and it sometimes feels like she'd rather be talking to him than me. It makes it uncomfortable that he invites her to parties and to go places as just the two of them. I totally understand having opposite gender friends, I really don't care at all, but I've met Issac before, and the only interactions we've had have been generally unlikable. It's really been biting at me for a bit and I have no idea if my discomfort well-based or not; it just feels unusual to me. Am I the asshole here?"
1554,"AITA for trying encouraging my wife to go to work? Recently, my wife and I had planned to go to a museum with our son. Leading up to the day, she and I talked about it, talked about lunch out, talked about whether we would go to other attractions while we were out. She asked repeatedly ""what time does the museum open? 9? Good, we'll be there for that time."" And I said I would make pancakes that morning ""Yeah, cool"" On Saturday, while she took our son to the library, I had tried to get groceries, and was overwhelmed by a very strange sense that I wasn't going to get anything right, that my wife wasn't going to like these beans, or this spinach, or these avocados. It took me over, and I had to leave the store. My wife HAS pointed out problems with what I've purchased in the past, but I would admit that her comments have been fair, and I need to know what ""right"" looks like before I can do it right. It's never been ""What are you, an idiot? of course I want 2 green and 2 yellow bananas."" Like, of course beans shouldn't have brown spots all over them. I discussed this with my wife after lunch, and she responded with ""That sounds intense, but I don't feel that I've made any of these comments recently"", and I agree, and we talked it out. She ended up getting groceries. Cool, thanks. Sunday morning, I slept in until 6:45 because son wasn't awake. Wife got up and played with son while I had a quick shower, then I went downstairs and started pancakes. At some point, I realised my son was calling for help. My wife had gone into the shower. That's fine, she wanted a shower, and son can play on his own, no problem. Son came downstairs with me, I finished making pancakes, wife appeared around 8:00, we ate tasty pancakes. Around 8:30, my wife says she needs to re-pack the diaper bag. I tell her ""Okay"" and she starts stress-bouncing around the house looking for a new bag, looking for new sub-bags for the things in the bag, etc. I got playing with my son while she buzzed around. Eventually, she finished up, and asks to speak with me in the kitchen. She tells me that her frustration this morning is the exact same as the frustration I felt at the grocery store, that she's just worried about everything going perfect, and wants to make sure that she has everything. I respond that I didn't understand how it was exactly the same, as I hadn't ever pushed the idea that the trip would or should be perfect, and never complain when we don't have anything. I am flexible. She responds ""Why can't you just say you're sorry to hear that I feel this stress?"", insists that I don't understand what she's complaining about. She then expresses that she's frustrated that we are leaving late, and not getting there when they open. We end"
1555,"AITA for getting upset over a rejected gift? I preordered 2 of the same Funko Pop (a $10 vinyl toy/figure) about a month ago. When I told my wife about it, I told her I intended to sell the second one if she didn't want it (her interest in them has been iffy, so I expected it could go either way). She said she wanted it. Fast forward to today and we go to pick them up. Before we go there, I drop $40 on lunch for the two of us. No complaints about that. We're in and out of the store with two Funko Pops and not a problem in sight. That is, until I stop by a second store to look and potentially pick another out. ""Five minutes"" she says, so I rush. I buy one I like and she rolls her eyes, shoots me a look and says ""gee it must be nice to have disposable income."" Oh ... kay ...? We don't talk until we get back to the car. I hand her the Funko Pop I preordered for her and she said she didn't want it anymore - that I should sell it. I feel like it's pretty damn rude to tell someone to take back a gift and to go sell it. Once she said she wanted it, I gave up all intentions of selling it as it was **hers**. It feels like a slap in the face, especially since she had no problem with me dropping $40 on our lunch ($6 for a milkshake!). I'm not hurting for money. I have a little credit card debt that I've been working on getting down, but I figured $20-$30 on some silly toys was not going to ruin the day. Regardless of the outcome of this post, I will of course speak with her and get to the bottom of this issue. I love my wife and this isn't going to break us, I just want to know if I'm justified in being upset or am I the asshole and I'm just not seeing it?"
1556,"AITA for wanting to ask the mother of a baby to no longer bring said baby to our college class? Our university provides free day care to its students, so it seems like it is unnecessary for her to bring a crying fidgety baby to class."
1557,"AITA for thinking a customer is an asshole for repeatedly bringing up the fact that his brother is ""dying of cancer""? I'm a service writer at a car dealership and I also take calls to schedule the appointments. The other day I took a call from a guy looking to schedule an oil change appointment. I asked, like I always do, ""Have we seen your vehicle here before?"" so I know whether I can look them up or I need to add them into our system. Now I've gotten unsolicited stories following that question before because, for whatever reason, people interpret it as an invitation to regale me with the tale of their entire life. This guy responded with, ""No, I live down in (some other state) but I'm up here because my brother is dying of cancer."" Now don't get me wrong, it's horrible that his brother has been dealing with cancer for who-knows-how-long, and this guy took time away from work and his home life to come here to see his brother one last time. I get that, and I certainly feel very bad. Plus the guy doesn't sound all that old, which makes that whole matter even worse. But come on man, we're scheduling an oil change and I don't know you and this has no effect on the situation. You didn't need to bring it up at all, nevermind word it that way. So I obviously offered my condolences as respectfully as I could and moved on with the conversation as smoothly as possible, got his appointment scheduled, and we hung up. Fast-forward to today and he came in for the appointment. As I had suspected, he's in his mid-to-late-forties. I greeted him, recognized him from the appointment (he didn't seem to recognize me, as most people don't expect that I'm also the guy on the phone), and asked, like I always do, ""Is there anything else we need to look at while the vehicle is in the shop?"" I ask this because a lot of people forget to mention little issues until we tell them everything is done and that's when they remember and want you to pull the car back in and look at it. Well guess how he responded? ""No thanks, the oil change is all I need. I need to get going quickly because my brother is dying of cancer."" Dude. Stop. Stop doing that. You don't need to lay such an abruptly heavy burden on every stranger you talk to at every given opportunity. But again, I responded as respectfully as I could, we got his car in, changed the oil, and I walked him up to the cashier. I thanked him for his business, walked away as the cashier began her usual ""Hello, how was your service, pay me $XX"", and what do you think I heard him do? Go ahead and guess. The guy told the cashier that his brother is, that's right, dying of cancer. I didn't hear the context because I wasn't paying attention, but I happened to hear"
1558,"AITA for saying I don't want to take responsibility for my exe's inability to effectively communicate? First let me say, I AM an asshole for a lot of stuff I did during the relationship. I was emotionally abusive and didn't respect her space after the relationship. I have a lot of guilt to process and am now seeing a therapist (and soon a psychiatrist for other deep seeded issues). Part of processing this crippling guilt for me has been trying to be realistic and practical about it. Mitigating it to what truly is my fault and not just taking the blame for EVERYTHING. Which is what I was originally doing. I was talking to my friend about this guilt. I was saying, I take responsibility for being emotionally abusive and not respecting my ex's space. I also said I DON'T have to take responsibility for her poor communication skills. My ex didn't effectively break up with me. I had to basically do the breakup because she couldn't just come out and say it. She spent two months distancing herself and not telling me what was wrong. It was hell for me and I can honestly say I have trauma from it. Also we were in an open relationship and she ommited that she had slept with someone else (something we had agreed to be truthful on). When we broke up she said a lot to make me think we could still have a future: ""things might work out"" etc. Basically I was telling my friend that I don't have to take responsibility for those things. They damaged my self esteem and made moving on harder for me. I'm not going to feel guilty for her inability to communicate. My friend got mad at me, saying I should have known. She says my ex was afraid of how I would react. And I get that honestly. It makes sense. But it doesn't make leading me on right or less hurtful. And I certainly don't have to take responsibility for it. Relationships are a two way street and my ex CHOSE to stay with me (in fact she cried for us to stay together when we went long distance). I wasn't physically abusive, manipulative. I was just an asshole occasionally when I'd have a bad day. There was no ""if you leave"" type of threat. So as awful as I feel and despite all of this guilt I have to remember that I didn't force her to be with me. She wanted the relationship too. Am I the asshole?"
1559,"AITA for not feeling empathetic towards those who were shot dead in Las Vegas? First and foremost, this incident is detrimental for the families and relatives who are directly related to the victims and I think it is a tragedy for them. But, I feel no emotion or empathy because it is not directly related to me in any kind of way. My friend was telling me how I feel nothing because I'm so desensitized by the media and somehow I'm supposed to feel bad and sad for the people who I don't even know about. I'm not desensitized by the media. I'm just not feeling anything because I don't even know these people. Hundreds of people die everyday but am I supposed to feel bad and sad for them too? Just because this is a massive shooting does not make a difference in the way I should treat my emotions to. Am I the asshole?"
1560,"AITA for reporting a coworker to the Ethics board? Throwaway because I don’t want this coming back to me. I work in a retail job as a key holder. There’s a coworker (we’ll call her Sally) that I don’t particularly care for, not personally but professionally. She’s lazy, she never pulls her own weight and she always has a medical excuse as to why she can’t lift more than 2 pounds. The rest of us are left to pick up her slack because she’s too busy popping pills and eating yogurt in the back office to work. Recently our store manager sent our department manager( I’ll call him Bill) an email that anyone with access to email could read regarding Sally not clocking out for her lunch breaks. Over the course of a month, she didn’t clock out for her break once. That’s 30 “Free” minutes a day for a month. The email instructed Bill to talk to Sally about this. From what I know of the situation, this is technically considered time theft. She knowingly took a lunch and made it obvious she was taking one. Our LP manager is the last person I want to get sideways with and I’m worried that by our manager having sent the email to a “public” place, I could be held accountable for knowing about it and not saying anything. But I also don’t want to be petty about things. I don’t like the lady but I also don’t want to just screw her over for no reason. But I am worried about keeping myself clean. AITA for thinking of reporting this? TLDR; Coworker is stealing time, undecided about reporting her. Update 5 Oct 2017- Our LP manager got wind of what was going on during an audit we had yesterday and everyone with access to the store email got written up and coached for being complacent even though we knew about what was going on. You win some, you lose some I guess."
1561,"AITA for tracking my wife's cellphone use while she's driving? My wife has a horrible habit of checking her phone while driving. Yesterday I was on an hour long drive with my wife and I decided to track how often she touches her phone while driving. In an hour and 8 minutes she touched her phone 37 times Most times where just her checking a text message that came, some times she responded to the text message, and a few times she was just getting some bonus to a slot machine game that popped up with a notification At the end of the day, i showed my wife the spreedsheet I had on my phone of all the times she touched her phone while driving and she went nuclear on me. She yelled and screamed at me about how I betrayed her trust and treated her like a child and that I don't respect her My issue is that she is the one that takes our son to and from school most days, how many times is she using her phone while driving our son around? Tell me Reddit, am I the asshole or what?"
1562,"AITA for getting a cat that my roommate now regrets? Here's the backdrop: I used to live with 5 other people, two other couples, and my own girlfriend. My girlfriend and I went to a shelter to look at cats and dogs a while back and fell in love with a little kitten that we couldn't just leave there... So naturally, I sent a message to each of my roommates about getting a cat and every single one of them responded positively, except for one, who said ""meh,"" basically. Time has passed and two roommates have moved along to another place, and we're still here with ""meh"" guy and his girlfriend. The cat is still very young and is still learning to avoid jumping on tables, counters, etc. She's also very vocal sometimes and will meow for attention. Recently, my roommate thought it was a funny / good idea to buy a small water gun to spray the cat from across the room whenever it does something he doesn't like. He and his girlfriend just die laughing when they spray the poor thing and it has no idea why or where it's being sprayed from... I explained to him as nicely as I could that water can get in a cat's ears and cause painful ear infections, and that I'd prefer him to just tell me where he doesn't want the cat and I'll try to do the disciplining. Instead he sends me a whole tirade about how I put the cat over him and that I never considered his feelings about the whole thing. Also a ton of stuff about her biting and scratching (which she has nearly completely been trained out of at this point) and how we treat the cat like royalty etc etc... Am I insane? I was sent nearly like 400 words of just pure passive-aggressive, sarcastic, and straight-up rude tirade... Am I the asshole here?"
1563,"AITA for asking a woman to shine her phone’s light the opposite direction of my sleeping baby? On Sunday night our whole family flew to our home state. I know, I know, people hate when people fly with their kids, but this is a direct flight and our kids (1 and 3) generally do very well in my opinion. Since it was a later flight, the lights in the cabin immediately went off upon takeoff and the flight attendant made a joke that we were all getting very sleepy and wouldn’t need anything from him. I made a bottle for my 13 month old, gave it her and she proceeded to sleep and drift off to sleep. The toddler had on headphones and was quietly playing on her kindle. As the baby is drifting off, a woman in the row across from me and one aisle up proceeds to get out her cell phone to look at these documents or school papers or something. She turns the flashlight on because, remember, it’s dark in the cabin. No problem except for the angle that she was holding it directly hit my baby’s face (her and I were also in the aisle seat), distracting her and even bothered myself some! After about 20-30minutes of hoping she would be done with those papers I quietly reached over and asked if she could please just turn the light in the other direction. I thought I was very nice! The look I got was of death with NO response. She did turn the phone, but I was so baffled and thought about what I could have done differently next time. Am I the asshole here???"
1564,AITA for not getting my partner a bigger gift? I told my partner I'd be willing to spend a certain amount on a birthday gift for them and now they're crying because it isn't as high a number as they were used to with their family. I only work a minimum wage job part time (due to mental illness) and I can't necessarily afford big gifts. I feel like expecting huge gifts is selfish and inconsiderate. am I the asshole?
1565,"AITA for completely cutting contact with someone I just can’t stand being around? There’s this girl who’s literally the dumbest person I’ve ever met. Now, don’t get me wrong, I’m not trying to say I’m some genius, and I don’t say that to insult her or be derogatory. She’s a really nice person (a bit overly so, in my opinion, but to each their own), yet by the same token, I wasn’t able to have a conversation with her that required any critical thought whatsoever. She’s friends with all my friends, but I just *couldn’t* anymore. To explain this, here’s an example of something she’s said. She texts “lmao” a lot (laugh my ass off). Out of curiosity, I decided to see if I could/how long it would take to convince “lmao” didn’t mean “laugh my ass off”, but “lick my asshole ostentatiously”. It took four minutes. In *four minutes*, I had convinced her that “lmao” stood for “lick my asshole ostentatiously”. I just explained that it was a joke and she laughed it off. This is just one example, she’s done many things like this, and worse. I should also mention that she considered me a close friend after only knowing me for a few weeks, and barely talking at all. So, here comes the AITA part. After knowing her for five or so months, not taking much, and this continual behavior, we have the summer off. At the beginning I just blocked her on everything. I don’t know how to tell someone that I don’t want to talk with them because talking with a 4th grader is vastly preferable to talking with them. It didn’t affect any of my other friendships. I hope I didn’t come off as r/iamverysmart material. That’s not what I meant to imply."
1566,"AITA for being grumpy that my partner cooked the wrong dinner? BACKGROUND: I work in shifts, with most of my shifts starting at 7am and finishing at 330pm. Once or twice a week I do late shifts which generally finish at 8pm (often later) and I get home after 845pm. I have a lot of dietary restrictions, which my partner knows about, and I often do the shopping to make sure I'm catered to. STORY: I was on a late shift and was running late home from work. My partner offered to cook dinner and have it ready for me when I came home. I said thank you and asked him to use my low allergen packet mix. When I got home (at 850pm) he had not used the one I asked him to use and I couldn't eat the meal he'd prepared because of all the stuff in it that hurts my tummy. I was annoyed because at 9pm I was in the kitchen cooking dinner because he chose not to listen to what I said. Am I being the asshole here?"
1567,"AITA for giving up on a friendship that I wasn't happy in? I've been friends with this dude for just over a year now in my college and in that time we've been through a lot of ups and downs and whatnot. We got along and were close to inseparable (we also had all the same lessons), this was great and then a lot of shit happened that I won't go into because it's a really really long story but the important details of it are. A girl joined our little friendship, he liked her, she didn't want hip, he got really depressed which made her stop being friend with him but still with me, now it's just me and him. So now it's kinda just back to what it was a year ago. Kinda, except now, he has a really bad alcohol addiction. I wouldn't really care, it's his life and he can do what he wants but whenever he's drunk he'd start acting weird or take some depression out on me. I initially started this departure by just distancing myself from him but as I did I realised how much happier I was when I was hanging out with other friends. One of these friends was the girl I'd mentioned before which I don't think helped that he probably knew we were still friends. So as I was distancing myself from him I started to realise that he didn't really ever contribute to the friendship, sure he showed up to stuff but whenever there was an issue or something it was always either me or that girl who'd try and fix it. He was always the one who'd started the problem. So last night be messaged me, saying he didn't care that I was distancing myself from him but asked why. I responded that if he didn't care then he should just leave me alone. I went to sleep and woke up to a few messages from him telling me to go fuck myself, then cat pictures then more anger. Then I had two voicemails, both from him (clearly drunk) telling me I was a bad friend and how I fucked him over and all that. This was last night so I'm just sort of sat here in bed wondering if I'm in the wrong. I wouldn't feel bad if I knew he had other friends but he doesn't really whereas I do and most of our mutual friends have already picked me over him. I don't have any ill will towards the guy just that that friendship really wasn't healthy for me compared to others. Honestly this is working as a means to vent but any opinions on who's right or what I should do would be appreciated dearly. Thanks. Update for anyone who cares: I sent him a message telling him why it all happened and he just replied with ""sure"" which is what I was expecting and one of the reasons I didn't feel like telling him in the first place."
1568,"AITA for being upset that my friend invited my sister to her birthday? So, my friend Linda's birthday is in January (she gets excited and has started planning early), and she has just created an event on Facebook to give people a heads up. This is clearly going to be a big event, she's invited 50 people and has told people they can invite up to 3 '+1's. Before going any further, I should explain my sister. Kelly is two years younger than me, and we both live at home with our parents while going to university. Aside from a same last name, that's where our similarities end. We're basically chalk and cheese. She and I rarely talk. We exist in the same house, and that's pretty much it. Any time we actually talk, there's an 80% chance it'll end in an argument. Now, Linda is my closest friend, and she's pulled me through a lot of tough times. I've also told her about the things that happen between Kelly and I. So I was extremely surprised, and annoyed that Linda invited Kelly. I just don't want to end up having an argument with Kelly at the party. I also just don't know why Linda would invite Kelly in the first place! So, I'm not really looking at naming anyone else as an asshole, I just want to know if I am."
1569,"AITA for lashing out on my girlfriend(but she wouldn't accept it) when she kinda cheated on me? So, this took place over a year. I am in the last year of my HS. I had been talking to this girl on off for like 3 years. We shared a lot of interests and I had a really big crush on her. She was like the most amazing person I'd met in my life. We shared so many interests and she way always fun, thoughtful and caring. I used to talk to her all the time. But she'd already told me that she was in love with one of her friends (who didn't feel the same way for her though), so I kept myself from telling her how I felt about her. During the end of last year we came really close. She would tell me everything and I'd do the same. Somewhere in there she started saying things like she likes me, that she thinks she can move on with me. One day, while we were alone, she told me to close my eyes and kissed me. I was on cloud 9. So the next day, I asked her out. But she refused saying that she still loves that guy. Well, I was kinda sad but accepted it. A few days later she kissed me again. From there, it all kinda went like a relationship without her accepting it was one. She'd say I love you. But then she'd add in all the ways but one. She'd tell me things like you're the reason I'm still alive I honestly thought that she'd get over her obsession with that guy. Fast forward 6 months. She'd still say that she'll always love that guy but she'd also say that she won't leave me. But she still wouldn't yet call me her boyfriend. So, her family moves to this place a couple hours away. She told me not to worry, that she was mine, that we'll still meet every couple months. After she went there, she'd message me everyday after she came back from school. Tell me everything about her day. She'd tell me about the friends she made, all the fun stuff she did. Everything. This went on for a couple months. During this time she came back and we got to meet for a few days. After she went back. She told me about this guy who was hitting on her. I asked her to tell me his name and I'd talk to him. But she refused saying it was nothing much and that she'd handle him herself. A week later, she calls me crying. Saying that he tried to kiss her and she pushed him off. I calmed her saying it was not her fault. I talked to one of her friends there, got that guy's number and gave him a talk. Next thing I know she calls me back saying that I shouldn't have called him and said all that to him. I was confused but then she said that he"
1570,"AITA for deciding not to bring my friend? A few weeks back, I got a few free tickets to an event. I immediately hit my friends up and invited them. They all said yes, lets call one of them Jimmy. I've always considered Jimmy to be one of my closer friends but for a few years I've felt he just plain didn't like me because every time I'd message him (text, discord, skype, steam, etc) to hangout it was met with crickets but when were actually in a room together, we get along fantastic IMO. His excuse was always ""I don't use my phone much"" but every time I've been around him, his phone is attached to his right hand. Well, a few days ago I messaged him asking if he wanted to chill. Crickets again. He finally hits me up but its about the tickets for the event. I somewhat feel he's just using me for the free tickets? Would I be a major asshole to call it off and tell him I've decided against bringing him? Edit: I should also mention that my other friends can get a hold of him pretty easily as far as I know."
1571,"AITA for hating my roommate's 5 alarms? I'm a college freshman who, in theory, wakes up almost an hour after my roommate. In practice, she sets alarms every ten minutes starting an hour before she gets up (almost two hours before I have to), but never actually gets up until the last one. I wake up at the first one and can never go back to sleep due to mild/sometimes moderate insomnia, which is also why staying asleep an extra two hours would be great. I talked to her once about it and even though she said she honest-to-god *dreamt* that I complained to her about the alarms, I feel like she didn't really get that I, and presumably the me that visited her in a dream, meant to only use one alarm, because nothing has changed. I even offered to help her get up after one since I always wake up for it anyway and it's way easier to deal with than an hour of constant alarms. I tried to be forgiving for a few weeks, but last week was awful and the first night I could actually fall asleep before four and try to get a good 7 hours before a midterm, I ended up with less than five and it hurt to be awake during the test. I'm starting to get really annoyed. I talked to my friends and they all say she's in the wrong, but they're friends, yknow? So, strangers, is it wrong to expect this to change?"
1572,"AITA for getting upset with my girlfriend for hanging out with this guy Backstory: 3 years dating. Best friend type of relationship. So my gf recently started college. She is in an organization that had a bunch of other freshmen in it as well. So she's in this friend group of people, several girls and guys, who hang out, study, eat lunch, and do homework together. There's one dude in the group who has been subtly flirting with her (the guy is in a one year long relationship). Anyways, a few weeks into the semester, he invited her to his dorm to ""work on homework"" together that he was having trouble with. She didn't go obviously. They talk every once and a while, as friends do, but he invited her over a lot. He invited her over to watch a tv show earlier this week and it started an argument between us. He texted her this morning asking to go shopping with him to help pick out his gf an anniversary present, I told her it was ok to go if she had some other people tag along. So, she ended up going with another guy and girl as well. They all hung out a bit after and all went to his dorm to hang out. Once I found out she was there, I got upset with her for not telling me. I already didn't trust this guy and het going over there for a bit upset me. We argued for a bit and she told me she wouldn't talk to him anymore if I wanted that. Am I the asshole for getting upset about this?"
1573,"AITA for offering my girlfriend a mint? Girlfriend came home from a party very drunk. She was all over me and I pulled away to offer her a mint, as her breath wreaked of alcohol and was making me somewhat sick. She sobbed for two hours and still is reluctant to kiss me. Please advise."
1574,"AITA if I correct the grammar and punctuation of my daughter's teacher? I like using English grammar and punctuation as well as I am able. Rules about when to use apostrophes in written English are really not difficult to learn at all, and it bugs me a lot more than it should when there are obvious errors in signs and written documents. I don't want to be the asshole, so I generally keep my mouth shut. However: My daughter is attending school, and the school teacher put up a sign on the classroom door full of misused apostrophes and other grammar and punctuation errors. It it is kind of driving me mad that the person I am supposed to trust with my daughter's education, who is a native English speaker and is supposedly educated to degree standard at university, should either not know or not care about written English to this extent. I really want to speak up to get the sign fixed and prevent this sort of thing from happening again. Ideally, I would like this to happen without her thinking I am a complete dick, or even thinking that I am the problem parent she isn't looking forward to seeing. In her defence: * It could have been her assistant who made and put up the sign. The assistant will not have been to university and is likely to have come from a background with fewer opportunities to be educated about this sort of thing. Certainly she should have learned it at school, but I don't doubt that her school could have failed her in this way. * This teacher won't be actually teaching my daughter much in the way of grammar or punctuation since they are mostly focused on learning the shapes, numbers and letters at this point. Please tell me Reddit: if I speak up, am I the asshole? It there any way to speak up **without** being the asshole? ps. The internet rule of grammar karma surely ensures that I made stupid mistakes in this post. I am sorry if I did!"
1575,"AITA for not engaging in small talk with waiters or is my husband the a-hole for being passive aggressive to them? So this is sort of a double question. My husband and I often disagree because he thinks I'm an asshole to waiters and I think he is. Maybe we both are? I tend to avoid small talk at all costs. He loves talking and engaging but can be passive aggressive. A dinner outing today sums up both our perspectives well so I thought I'd briefly relay to you what happened. We're seated at the table. Waitress: So what are you guys up to this weekend? Got any big plans? Husband: Just going to the beach. The weather has been wonderful! We love to blah blah blah blah blah... Waitress: Wow amazing! (Turns to me) Bet you're ready to have some summer fun huh? Me: ... Waitress: ... Me: ... Waitress: Oh-Okay well what would you all like to drink? We're waiting for our food. Husband: (flagging waitress) Hey how are you? So anyway I could have sworn we sat down before them (motioning toward other table). Yet they seem to have gotten their food and we haven't gotten ours hahaha. Waitress: ...Oh well, I'll check on your food. Husband: Haha okay it's just funny because I thought you know if you order first you'd get it first. Haha. It's just funny how it wasn't like that. Waitress: I'm sorry. I'll check on it. I'm sure it's coming right up. Husband: Cool okay okay. Haha I just thought it was funny. After waitress leaves. Husband: (To me) Can you believe that table got their food before us!? Me: I don't care. Husband: How does that not piss you off!? It's so unfair! Me: What time they get their food has literally no effect on when we get ours. I don't care. Husband: It's just not fair! Food comes. Husband's order is slightly wrong. Waitress: How is everything? Husband: Um...hmm...Did I make a complicated order? Waitress: Um...what? Husband: It's just the order didn't seem complicated to me but you see I ordered blah blah blah and you brought out blah blah bleh. Haha. I just. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to make a complicated order. I just picked stuff off your menu. Hahaha. Waitress: I'm sorry I must have made a mistake. Husband: It's okay we've all been there no worries. Hahaha. Waitress: (To me) Is your food correct? Me: (Nods) Husband: Miggy372, she's asking you a question. Me: I answered. That pretty much sums it up. We're fighting now. He says I was an asshole to her and I say he was. Am I the asshole? Is he? Both? Neither? Edit: I edited for readability. I didn't new line correctly on my phone. Sorry."
1576,"AITA for plotting to hold my sister's laptop hostage for breaking my own laptop and refusing to replace it? About a week ago, my older sister and I were having a huge fight over who finished the pastrami in the fridge or some stupid shit like that. Later, after we had both dispersed to our respective rooms, she came banging on my door telling me she wanted to talk about the situation and ""resolve it"" and I better come downstairs now or she'll do something I wouldn't like. Naturally, I refused and told her where she could shove it. She then swept into my room like a fucking hurricane, grabbed my laptop where I was working on my medical school personal statement and smashed, and I mean absolutely obliterated, my beautiful 17.3 inch laptop against the wall. I was so shocked that I didn't say a word, just cried. Cue a few days later, we have a talk about what happened, and the underlying issues between that may have caused her anger (she's not crazy, I don't think she was actually mad just about the pastrami). During this talk, I apologized for not taking her feelings into account, and that I should have probably come to speak to her. All was well and fine, till I brought up the laptop she was obviously going to have to replace. Then she got this smug look on her face, and explained to me that no, she was not going to replace my laptop. Not now, nor ever. I was like ?? She explained that since I could have avoided the situation by just coming downstairs, that it's my fault my laptop was broken. I was like ?? Then she went upstairs and carried on with her day. Ok. Fine. Not a problem. Since then I've been thinking of a way I could get back at her: ""maybe break her brand new 50 inch TV? Nah, then I'll still have to replace my own laptop, and since she's my mom's favorite, I'll probably have to replace the TV anyways"" and so on till it hit me: I could just take her laptop, hide it, and ransom it for my laptop replacement money back. If she refuses, I'll just sell her laptop (it was worth way more than mine anyways) and replace my laptop + keep any profits. Am I an asshole for this? Is there a better way I can get my laptop replacement money? Edit: added something I missed before. Edit 2: the situation has been resolved. She has agreed to pay for the laptop since the alternative is my taking her to small claims and her having that on her record. It's messed up, I know, but I get my new (and honestly slightly better) laptop! Thanks for all your help, reddit!"
1577,"AITA for criticizing my friend? So this is gonna be a long one. Sorry, but it's basically the (for now) climax of a whole year. It is about my best friend for 4 years. We were extremely close for 3 1/2 of those. Then the final exams kicked in. We both study law in Germany, and basically the system is ""everything you did until now doesn't mean shit; this final grade decides your faith"". So naturally, we both were and still are (oral exams are next moth) under a lot of pressure. However, we dealt very differently with it. She really bloomed, spent a lot of time with improving herself in various areas (studying, eating healthy, working out, even got a job teaching). I, on the other hand, got depressed and self-loathing. I procrastinated a lot, didn't improve and got more and more frustrated. I also felt lonely since she spent most of her time studying, and I seized every opportunity I got to hang out with her (getting a quick lunch or walking to the busstop after class). This escalated in mid-february when we got into a stupid fight that endet with her throwing me out and asking me not to talk to her until after the written exam, which took place at the end of April. When we finally talked again, she explained that I draged her down a lot (without her even noticing until that point), and that's why she eventually exploded. That conversation resulted in me getting professional help and talking to a therapist. Up until 2 months or so, I was in a really dark place. I had this inner voice in my head that would constantly insult me (not like schizophrenia, but my inner monologue), and I was convinced that everything it said about me was true. I came to my friend for support a couple times, but I guess she has a different approach to support than I have. I think she sees herself as kind of a drill sergeant, someone who solves problems by calling it as it is. I was at the time very afraid of losing her. She didn't show much interest in me, all she cared about was her self-improvement. If I wanted to see her, I had to come to wherever she was and do whatever she was doing. Whenever I suggested something, she had other plans or it was too far away. She hasn't been at my place in over a year. When I asked her if I was still her best friend, she told me yes, ""but only because noone has taken your spot by now"", that she will still hang out with me whenever she's in the mood, but she doesn't need me and that ""friendships just end sometimes. That's not a bad thing"". Not that I disagree, but this really hurt me (mostly because she just didn't seem to care about what we've had for the last 3 years at all). So after working through this with my therapist, I started to keep more distance to"
1578,"AITA for not inviting a friend to a spur of the moment gathering? So a few days ago I had decided to bake a cake for a friend’s birthday (5 months late), so I invited over a friend of mine who is good at cooking and another who is just fun to be around (and who I haven’t seen in a while). So we started baking a cake, and I invited over another friend who was in the neighborhood. Anyway, we finish putting together a monster ice cream cake (I’m talking vanilla cake, homemade icing, pecan ice cream, homemade caramel brownies, more of the homemade frosting, more pecan ice cream, another layer of vanilla cake, more homemade frosting, and a penis made of icing on top. It tasted horrible) and walk it over to her house. When we got there, we decided to try the cake, and invited over another friend of ours that was in the neighborhood. So we took photos of the cake and regretfully took bites of it and everyone went on their way. As I get home, however, I get a text message from a friend basically talking about how bad his depression is right now and that my Snapchat story of baking the cake made him feel so lonely, and that we should have invited him. He also slips in the fact that his birthday is in ten days and he doesn’t know what to do because he is so lonely. Here is the kicker. He has, over the course of a year, made himself very hard to be around, and while I told him I just forgot to invite him and that I’m so sorry, I did think about it, but thought that inviting him would have ruined the whole vibe. (Also note that everyone except for the two original people were in my neighborhood). When talking to other people in the group, all of them agreed that him coming along would be a bad decision, as for the last year he has consistently been a dick to us. It is also interesting to note that he is a pathological liar, and while he is fun to be around at times, you can’t trust anything that comes out of his mouth, to the point that most of us don’t think he has depression, seeing as though he always brags about having it (?) and uses it as an excuse to get what he wants. Am I the asshole for not inviting him to the cake baking making ba-foolery?"
1579,"AITA for being upset when I found out a guy a slept with was a sex offender This all happened back when I was 19. I was on a dating site looking for women (I'm a woman btw) and this woman messages me and long story short she asks if I want to have a threesome with her (23) and her boyfriend (35). Honestly, I was lonely and thought fuck it, what's wrong with having a new experience. The boyfriend messages me and says , ""hey, my girlfriend is at work, but I want a ""practice run"". It was sketchy, but like mentioned, I was willing. So I go there and have kinda shitty sex, but whatever. Later on I sleep with him again and her girlfriend. That was more fun. But then, I get a message from one of ""Samantha's"" friend. She says ""dude. He is a sex offender"" and gives me a link. And yup, he was. And let's just say it wasn't ""oh he peed in a park at the wrong time."" I was pretty upset, because I felt that is something that should be disclosed if I'm sleeping with someone. He's on the lifetime list. It was pretty messed up shit. I talk to him, and he said that is his own business and he didn't need to disclose that info. I felt he absolutely should have. It didn't help that he was over 10 years older than me. Yeah, I slept with him, but I wouldn't have if I knew this. Basically, was I wrong for being upset?"
1580,"AITA for being aroused by my wife every time I'm around her. I was at work having a private convo with a couple other married guys and we're discussing how our wives can misinterpret our attentions. I respectfully comment about how when we are cuddling or laying in bed or watching netflix, i usually press for sex. Been married 7 years, have sex a lot. Its fun, we both enjoy ourselves (i make sure we both have a good time/orgasm), but she does comment that sometimes she wishes we would just cuddle and not go any further because that pushes her away from wanting to cuddle in the future unless she really wants to go all the way... anyways, as I'm stating that this should be seen as a huge compliment that i still find her attractive to want to have sex anytime I'm around her (because she has image problems, like i'd assume most women do after a child and gaining a ton of weight they don't want), this gal we work with comes over, says she overheard me, puts me on blast for treating my wife like a sex slave and that i'm a misogynist and that i don't treat my wife with respect... etc etc. I don't give two shits what this woman thinks, she doesn't effect my work atmosphere, so, thanks for your opinion. What i do care about is if she is right and i don't respect my wife as much as i can. Obviously more cuddles and such without the expectation of sex may be better, i just thought showing my wife how awesome she looks/is means more. Or something... Am i an asshole or just need to treat my wife differently/better? Edit: I spoke to my wife about this and the recommendations of Sarahmgray (thank you so much) and after a 3.5 hour conversation, really realized that, like many of you said, she feels more loved by being cuddled, having the candid conversations, such as what we were currently having, and the enjoyment of each others company. Like I said eariler, I never push her to do anything she doesn't want to do, but out of the 4/5 times a week, she said that probably only 3 were what she really wanted to do, and the other times were for me, which she was happy to meet me there, but if I pulled back to a few times a week, and spent the other 2/3 times just cuddling on the couch or having conversation that didn't lead into sex, that would mean more than having sex. So. Look like I'm getting less sex, but building a significantly stronger relationship with my wife, which is a GREAT trade off :) Thank you all for the opinions. Never would have really realized to the extent that it was. She has said some things, but it was never pushed because she felt it was unloving of her to push me away, which made me feel awful. We talked about other stuff in our marriage, and I gotta say,"
1581,"AITA for cutting off most of my family? So, just over 4 years ago, my grandmother died. I was 14 at the time, am 18 now. During that time, a lot of drama has happened between her children (my mom, aunts and uncles). Most of that isn't really relevant to this anymore, but I will say that in the months and years following up from 2013-2016, the family became to drift apart with a few members dying. I lived with one ""asshole"" aunt for exactly the first year after my grandmother died before my ""good"" aunt came in and took care of me until 2016, when a stay in a mental hospital (don't ask) forced me to move into supported living, where I am now. While I was in hospital, some awful truths came by. First of all, I was waiting for $1,600 in inheritance to be given to me for three years after the death of my grandmother. It was originally meant to pay for university, but I decided I wanted to spend it at my own liberty instead. While in the mental hospital, my good aunt told me that my bad aunt spent the inheritance money from my grandmother on things like school uniforms, cigarettes and such. This is what convinced me to cut off my bad aunt off from my life. In Christmas 2016, I messaged her via Facebook (I had unfriended her) to double-check it. My bad aunt said via messages that she would never do anything to hurt me, and that everything she did was in my best interest. She never denied stealing my inheritance, nor did she go into the details. She essentially avoided my question. I also cut off one of my uncles and his family, for abandoning me and my good aunt for long periods of time after my grandmother's death and not delivering on promises to take me on trips and stuff. His partner also told me lies about how she was going to hire an escort/prostitute for me after I got out of hospital, which made it harder to stay in there for over 3 months as it ended up being. For the first half of the stay they visited pretty frequently, but stopped coming although they had 2 cars, different jobs and could have easily come to see me (according to my good aunt). So I cut them out of my life too. Then my dumbass, psychotic mother, after Christmas, tried convincing me that my good aunt was a drug addict who was spending my money on gabapentin (which she told me my good aunt got high off despite gabapentin not being a recreational drug) and other stuff, which all turned out to be prescribed from my good aunt's doctor for back pain. She also said my good aunt helped my bad aunt take my inheritance money. Topping up with all her lies was her offer to give me 100 dollars for my birthday if I cut my good aunt off from my life. I didn't, went to my good aunt's"
1582,"AITA in the movie theater? Small set-up. My wife and I went to a movie today. At this particular theater you buy your tickets and simultaneously select your seats via a map interface of the theater you'll be sitting in. This map shows which seats are taken and which are available and you MUST select an assigned seat. Okay, set-up over. After buying food, we walk to our theater. Our assigned seats are right behind the handicapped seating as you walk into the room. We see a couple in our seats and we look at them for a moment. We talk quietly to ourselves, ""I'm positive these are our seats..."" We approach to the couple and they immediately tell us it's their seats. Okay, whatever, I'm not gonna fight over seats but here's the problem, now we go find seats a few seats over. I specifically remember these seats were taken on that seat map so now I'm telling my wife that we need to move. She goes back to the couple that stole our seats and she shows them the tickets with the assigned seating and shows them the seat numbers marked on the chairs. She tells them that we will only ask them to move if the other people come for the seats we are now currently in. I know, didn't make sense, but again, I'm not trying to fight over this. We sit for about 5 more minutes and ofcourse the people that are coming for the seats we are in are frail and barely can walk. I immediately rush out of the seats and we head to our actual assigned seats. We tell them we are going to take our actual seats and they grumble and stall getting up. One of them is an older man who barely can walk down the steps and that's where I feel like an asshole. Because this guy can seriously barely walk and everyone is staring at me like I committed a felony. So my question, am I the asshole?"
1583,"AITA for being upset with a friend for doing something he didn't know he shouldn't have? A few weeks ago my guitar teacher died, and at his service they had a bowl with his picks and it said each of his students could take one. I took one and put it on my desk when I got home. I have this thing where I don't play with that pick at all because of it's meaning to me. Back to the present, my friend came over about an hour and a half ago and asks if he can play one of my guitars. I say yes and after he starts to play I realize the pick is gone. I tell him to stop and ask to see what pick he's using, lo and behold it's my teacher's pick. I take the pick from him and give him a different one. I didn't get visibly upset with him, as it really wasn't his fault and he didn't know. I hadn't mentioned the pick or its significance to me to any of my friends, and in his defense it was just sitting out on my desk. Even so, I can't help but feel a little upset over what happened. AITA for being a little hurt and upset with my friend?"
1584,"AITA for asking my gf to tell her very strict mom about us? My girlfriend’s (Asian) mom is one that wants her child to study 95% of the time and she is not allowed to date until after college (we are currently juniors in high school). Basically my gf has kept it a secret from her entire family except her cousin that she has a boyfriend, and this makes it more difficult for us to go out, because her mom always expects her to be working or (rarely) out with female friends. She finds ways to make excuses to spend time with me (studying at the library for example) and we mostly make do, but we don’t have as much time together as either of us would like. I finally told her what I thought and she believed her mom might be more lenient after she took the SAT, which she did earlier today. Now, she’s saying she’s afraid to tell her mom, because she knows the chances that her mom is not unhappy is very low. I pushed her to do it soon and I’m not sure whether she will or not. Am I the asshole for pushing her towards this? EDIT: Apparently people are still commenting two days later so I'll update; I told her not to tell her mom. Period. She seemed happy with that."
1585,"AITA? had an argument with my brother My parents work their butt off to pay for most of my brothers expenses. They paid for his MacBook, three flight tickets to California, Florida and Denmark, and a PS4. As long as he worked to pay them back, he will be good. Unfortunately he hasn't been working and is always sitting at home doing nothing. He just sits there in his room watching Netflix and not working for his debt. He missed two days of work with my dad because he ""didn't feel like it."" Instead he stayed home to play games and like always do nothing. I told him today about how he needs to work or else he will never pay off his debt and help our parents with the bill. He's 18 and he still hasn't had a job. He got angry when I told him all the expensive valuables and classes our parents payed, and how he still hasn't payed them back. They're struggling to pay off the house because he doesn't want to help them out. Unfortunately I'm in school still so I don't really have the time to work. He got angry and threw a bag of hard candy at me. He always depends on violence when in an argument so this is not surprising. I pushed him back to tell him f*ck you, and that's when our mother pushed us away to calm us down. What I'm trying to say is that is it wrong for telling my brother to get a job and pushing him back while saying ""f*ck you"" to him? I feel like he's to spoiled and never wants to work to help our family."
1586,"AITA for not defending my friend in this clusterfuck of a situation? There are a lot of nuances to this situation - some that I may have to leave out if I don't want this to become a full essay - so please bear with me and feel free to ask questions if anything is unclear. I'll call my two friends Joe and Bill. For about a year I was in a very dysfunctional, borderline-abusive relationship with Bill. I don't entirely want to get into all of the details as it'd take me probably a novel to list all of it, but Bill has accidentally-on-purpose sexually assaulted me on multiple occasions, is a grade-A clinger NiceGuy™, and manipulated me through extreme guilttripping into staying with him. I didn't even realize the extent of the abuse until I confided in our mutual friend, Joe, who was incredibly supportive and honestly really sweet to me. He was infuriated with Bill and stopped talking with him altogether as his abusive behavior distorted his view of him. Joe helped me muster the strength to get out of my dysfunctional relationship with Bill, who I was able to distance myself from for a great while. He took the breakup surprisingly maturely and gave me the space I needed. However, in fear of him stalking me or otherwise harassing me - we live unnervingly close - I didn't have the backbone to completely cut Bill out of my life. I decided to distance myself from him, but I wasn't ready to face whatever shitstorm of drama might've come if I tried to completely boot him from our friend group. Our other mutual friends still liked him, after all, it'd be so awkward to explain it all to them. Even still, this was probably a very poor decision on my part and I should've ghosted him, but after hearing stories of what abusers tend to do when their victims leave them, I'm very much on edge. Bill indeed apologized for his behavior and seemed to grow out of most of his manipulation tactics, at least for the most part. I still didn't want to be very close to him because I have a feeling he may revert to the same toxic behaviors - and he's still not an individual I really want to be associated with - but all was well. Welp, not in Joe's opinion. Think about it - your best friend comes to you saying she's in a hideously abusive relationship with your mutual friend. She was *sexually assaulted by him.* Your friend addressed these issues with the perpetrator, but the point still stands - your friend was still taken advantage of quite spectacularly. Chances are you're gonna be pretty fucking infuriated, even long after the fact. Honestly, even I'm still livid with Bill for all the things he's done to me. Sometimes I want to lash out at him as well - how can he just be acting so *normal* after all that? But goodness gracious, Joe must have been letting his pent-up emotions fester for"
1587,"AITA for expecting people to listen to me? People tend to not listen to me. It's an ongoing problem. I'm getting better at being patient, but I still get ignored. But so what, Fenrux? Honestly I don't care if people listen to me or not. What bothers me is when they ignore what i tell them, then because they ignored it, chaos ensues, and then they expect ME to come deal with it. I don't care if you're the President of the Solar System. I told you not to touch that hot stove. You touched it anyway. Now your hand is burned. Now I have to interrupt whatever I was doing to deal with your burned hand. Not what I always refuse to help, I just feel like me giving the warning is meeting my responsibility in a situation. Sure, I could drive someone to the hospital, or I could just say ""Don't do that."" Lately it's ""bedtimes"" for the family. When I suggested we all go to bed around 9, it was a good idea. But everyone wants to stay up until midnight, and in the morning I have to listen to everyone bitch about how awful mornings are. Guess what, I don't care. I told you to go to bed early. If this sounds like I'm talking about children, only partially. Some people are fully grown adults. And no there's no law saying they have to listen to me. Especially if they outrank me in some way. But I did my part by saying ""Don't touch that button."" Or ""Make sure you fill up on gas before you go driving your truck through the miles of forest."" If you run out of gas, go fuck yourself."
1588,"AITA for feeling like I deserve none of the blame after my dorm room got written up for alcohol/weed? Basically my school campus has a dry campus rule where you're not allowed to have weed or alcohol in the dorm rooms. This past Saturday, my two roommates were rolling joints in the room and the RA came in and complained that the weed is stinking up the entire hallway and demanded to search the room. They took everything we had, including a 30 rack of beer I was keeping hidden in a bag. My roommates smoke way more than me and it was because of their weed our room got busted and had everything confiscated. I wasn't even in the room during any of this, and all I had was the case of beer in a bag. The RA's were called to our room because they had weed out and caused the entire hall to smell, and they're trying to make me take part of the blame because of the beer I had, Wen though it was 100% their fault our room got searched. The alcohol didn't cause the smell, it was them rolling joints in our room. I wasn't present for any of this and when I returned to the room they claimed that we are all going to get written up because someone complained that we had weed in our room. I got a 30 rack of beer taken while I wasn't even there, because my roommates were causing the smell and somehow I'm getting in trouble for not even being present. They think that I should take part in the blame because it was my beer, but the beer would've never been an issue if it wasn't for them having weed out in the open in our room. I'm not responsible for the room getting searched, and I think it's only fair if they own up to the weed and also take the blame for the beer as well as it won't mean anything more to them as it will only be a single strike, but they think that I should take the blame too because it was my beer. We're still undecided on the issue but they're treating me like I'm being a dick, and I'm wondering how I should go about the issue."
1589,"AITA For not wanting to tell my friend/bandmate my honest opinion on our band? The band we have been trying to start has been a concept for about two years or so now. It stemmed from a conversation with my best friend (let's call him Mark). Most of that time it was just a thought pushed into the back of our heads. It remained that way for a little over a year until April of this year when we finally started playing together again. The second jam session was with another good friend (let's call him Jared). Jared was already in a band at the time and didn't want to commit because the band he was in was more established (member wise and song wise). So he would just hang out and jam with us. The ""lineup"" was/is (I don't know anymore) Mark on lead guitar and vocals, Jared on rhythm guitar, and me on bass. We have been searching for a drummer. Fast forward to last month, I stayed the night at Mark's house while we came up with ideas for riffs. We started talking about how Jared was a vital part of our sound. He also brought up that he was buying stuff to record an 'album' with us. Fast forward two weeks later and the band Jared was in broke up. We let him in the band but the problem is that we haven't even gotten together and worked on stuff (all three of us that is) since August. Jared has been getting bored of doing nothing, so he one of his old band mates are already talking about restarting that band (albeit with two different members which aren't going to be me or Mark). Earlier today Mark called me and asked if we could get together and work on stuff, but I'm busy. He wants to get stuff recorded so bad,but I don't see that happening in the foreseeable future. However; there are a lot of problems that would have to be addressed before we would even be able to start recording. The first being we don't even have a complete song, we have a ton of unfinished ones. The second is our gear. Mark is the only person with good gear. His set up is currently a Wylde Audio Odin and a Marshall solid state half stack. Jared's set up is an Ibanez Semi-hollow body guitar with a 50 watt Line 6. My rig is a Five string Ibanez bass with a 25 watt Ampeg bass amp. The problems are that Jared and I are pretty broke. I want to buy an Ampeg Micro half stack, but I have pretty much fuck all in the bank right now. The third problem is where we live. We live in a town that has no Metal or Rock scene. The final one is that Mark doesn't know Jack shit about the business aspect of running a band. He doesn't think we need to get our shit copyrighted and stuff. He doesn't know how expensive it would be to actually"
1590,"AITA for being overly sassy with my old college's representative? I got a call from the college that I attended and the calls are usually made to see what graduating students are doing with their lives, how their experience was at the school, and then the mother of all questions ""would you like to give back to the university?"" When she asked me if I was employed I said: ""yes but I'm not employed in the field that I studied. I'm still applying to jobs in my field and have not been successful."" When she asked me how my experience at the university I said ""honestly it was quite subpar compared to what I imagined college life would be like, basically all most kids do is study and grub for grades and then they either graduate or flunk out."" When she asked how my experience in the honors college was I said ""well to be frank, the honors college actually didn't assist in any way during my four years except for financial support. And the honors college really needs to check themselves and stop pretending that the individuals that gain success in life is related to the honors college. The honors college just piggybacks off students' success and take credit as if they're the reason to student succeeds."" When she asked the mother of all questions i said ""I refuse to donate back to the university until my degree gets me a job in my field and the $100k I paid for it starts offering some type of return on investment. Once my diploma becomes worth more than the piece of paper it's printed on, then I'd be happy to give back."" So, I was completely honest with all my answers, but I was pretty rude to this girl who is probably a freshman or sophomore who is working for the university at $7/hr to call their graduates and ask them for money, which is kind of the worst job in the world."
1591,"AITA for beeping my horn at a car in this situation? I was driving through a parking lot this afternoon, through the main road way that has the entrance/exit, when I got stuck behind a car that was in the middle of the road, stopped, with no hazard lights on, and talking to a person standing in the road by their window. I waited about 45-60 seconds, thinking they were finishing up. During this time, another car stopped behind me. As lightly as I could, I tapped on the horn. I didn't do it to be aggressive and I certainly didn't lay on it for an extended period of time, I just wanted to alert these people that they were holding up traffic. There were empty parking spots the driver could have pulled into, or they could have pulled against the curb if they needed to continue talking. Because the driver was in the middle of the road, we weren't even able to go around them. I'm honestly not sure they were even aware there were people around. The person standing in the road turned to look at me, put both hands up and yelled, ""WAIT!"" and they continued their conversation for another 30 seconds or so. The driver drove off and the person started walking towards me, screaming at me. I didn't engage with them, I just shook my head and drove off. Am I the asshole in this situation?"
1592,"AITA for this modmail exchange in ELI5? Context: I attempted to submit this post to /r/explainlikeimfive : https://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/75jnh6/eli5_with_so_many_programmers_and_bots_on_reddit/?utm_content=title&utm_medium=user&utm_source=reddit&utm_name=frontpage It was removed, and I appealed. Initially I was very respectful, but things took a slight turn for the worse, and ultimately I was perma banned. Now I'm not an active member of that community at all, so I don't mind, but a ban (let alone a perma) feels excessive considering how tepid the exchange was overall. It has me wondering -- did I just react like an asshole to the rejection? Or did *they* indeed act like assholes and bait it out of me? The exchange: https://imgur.com/a/vjJmb From there I was muted (fair) and perma banned (whut?!). I feel that when he removed my post for being ""subjective,"" but then responds that it's ""fact"" that my post doesn't belong on his forum, which is clearly as subjective as it gets, he fully crossed the threshold into ""asshole"" and invited me to do the same. But maybe I'm just the asshole here. Please let me know :D"
1593,"AITA for calling a lady overweight in the checkout line? I'm in line getting ready to buy some chewing tobacco. Now I know chewing tobacco is horrible for me, but some days I just need the little escape. Behind me is what can best be described as someone fitting the [Can I Speak to the Manager] profile. As I tell the cashier what I want, this lady loudly interjects in a condescending tone: >There's no reason you should be buying that crap. I have a friend who was addicted to that stuff and got mouth cancer. It's moronic to keep buying something that will kill you. I replied >It's no worse than being obese from an eating addiction, but I'm not preaching to you to put back the junk food. Her response, and hence the post was >Asshole."
1594,"AITA for kicking a ball at someone? So I was being an asshole here, I know. I didn't take an important factor into account but I wonder if that factor wasn't relevant, would I still have been an asshole. So this happened a couple weeks ago. I was playing football with my friends when some younger kid, probably year seven or eight, kicks our ball away. It wasn't accidental, he clearly did on purpose and it was clear that we were the ones using the ball, not someone else. I nearly kicked him but realised that would be an over reaction so decided to kick the ball at him instead. But accidentally hit some other kid. That was dickish of me but if there was no chance of hitting anyone other than the kid I was aiming for, would I have still been an asshole?"
1595,"AITA for asking this question to an artist associate of mine? My friend group invited me to a small art exhibition that was featuring a friend of a friend. After mingling and seeing the other pieces we all crowded around him and his exhibit to talk to him about it. The piece was a one foot tall metalworked and spray painted statue; I would estimate it was made with no more than $100 worth of crafting supplies, but the thing had a price tag of $1500. Me, knowing nothing about art, asked him a question that I thought would help me begin to understand at least some things. I asked him ""What did you put into this piece that made you feel like it was worth $1500?"" He kind of laughed it off like I has making a joke and didn't answer at all. Was that an inappropriate question? Am I the asshole?"
1596,"AITA Late night computer use in my dorm I share a dorm room with a dude at my college. I sometimes stay up and use my computer til about 2-3 am, while my roommate goes to bed at about 12:30. He complains that the light from my computer prevents him from falling asleep as quickly. He wants me to stop using my computer in my room when he goes to bed. I told him to get a sleep mask but he refuses. So now I have to hang up a huge curtain to block my machine. Do I have a right to use my computer in my room? Or does my computer affecting him go against my rights? E: thanks for the advice everyone, going with the curtain."
1597,"AITA for not wanting my husband's smoker friend to hold our daughter unless she washes hands + changes clothes beforehand? My husband and I are at gentle odds about this. Background: He's been close friends with Jane since they were 13 years old. He and Jane bonded over shared difficult home lives (of varying degrees; her more than him) and spent many nights sneaking out of their respective homes to smoke, drink, and talking all night. My husband was the first person that Jane came out to and she considered my husband her platonic soul mate (he used to say the same thing until he met me; relevant to her dislike of me). However, when my husband first started dating me, he quit smoking within a month because I hate cigarettes and he was honestly just pretty nuts about me. Jane kind of flipped out. She accused him of changing and me of being an uptight snob, blah dee blah early 20s kind of nonsense. They patched up their friendship to an extent, but she and I have never quite gotten past our initial dislike of each other. But we co-exist when we see each other once or twice a year because I respect her friendship is important to my husband. She still can't quite bring herself to call me his ""wife"" but has at least upgraded me from his ""friend"" to his ""lady."" So definitely still some animosity there on her side and my husband always corrects her when she goes too far. But overall I see her like any annoying in-law that you just have to put up with due to history and the ties that bind. We're all in our 30s now and my husband and I have a new baby girl. We'll be heading back to my husband's hometown soon and certainly seeing Jane. This is where I'm getting nervous about yet another unnecessary tiff about the topic of goddamn smoking, but I also feel like my husband should have my back. He thinks I'm being too rigid. Jane is still a very heavy smoker with a bit of a chip on her shoulder about it. She feels like hating on smokers is an accepted prejudice and that no one respects her right to put whatever she wants into her body. I don't disagree with this, actually--smokers can do what they want, but that doesn't mean I have to like smoke being blown in my face. To me, it's about basic courtesy. But she gets angry whenever someone says anything even remotely anti-smoking, saying that people should mind their own business. For example, the last time she and I briefly tussled over a cigarette related issue was a few years ago when I mentioned cigarette littering as one of my biggest pet peeves (in a big social group that Jane happened to be in...all our convos are not smoking related, I swear :p) I recalled an anecdote about when my puppy almost ate a full, still smoldering cigarette that someone had thrown on the ground. I said that"
1598,"AITA for wanting to adjust my travel dates to meet my girlfriend AND be back in time for New Years with friends? I'm a 24 m (thought this is relevant) who's girlfriend is studying in Milan. Her course will end on 20th December and I thought I'll go visit her at the end of it before she comes back to our home city. Just to give more context we've stopped dating really because we don't have a future together (for practical reasons) and are in that post breakup phase where we have still like each other but not 'dating'. So the dates I've proposed exclude New Years because I want to come back and spend it with my friends who I've know for 10 years and have spent every New Years with them. I know if I won't spend it with my friends I'll really regret it. So I was honest and told this to her and justifiably she got really mad because she wanted to spend New Years together and thinks I don't care about her but (not justifiably) has asked me not to come at all. In my opinion she's taking it for granted that I'm catching a 9 hour flight, applying a Visa and coming there to visit her in the first place. So in conclusion I get why she's mad, but to be so mad that she'd rather not have me come at all, I feel she's being an asshole. But I'm not sure. I could be the asshole too. So AITA?"
1599,"AITA for getting mad at my parents over our cat that died? I'm male, 23, and I just started school this August at a university about 12 hours away from my hometown (where my parents live). My parents have an old cat who lives with them. The cat was probably about 18. My girlfriend (female, 23) also started school with me at the same university. School had started about a week before my apartment lease began, so I was staying at my girlfriend's place until I could move into my own apartment. The day my apartment lease started, my parents drove to the school to bring furniture, see the campus, and help move in. After we finished moving, we all (me +parents +girlfriend) decided to go out to a nice dinner. As we're waiting for a table at the restaurant, we all decide to walk around the town to pass the time. As we're walking, my girlfriend asks, ""How's (the cat)?"". In a light tone my dad responds, ""Oh yeah, we actually had to put him down on Thursday"" (3 days prior). He said it so nonchalantly that my girlfriend later told me she thought he was making a joke. The last time I had been home and seen our cat, he was looking great; the news was a complete blindside for both my girlfriend and I. I was pretty upset at that point and asked why they didn't tell me sooner; they said they didn't want to get me upset and distract me from school. The next half hour of walking was super awkward and nobody really spoke except for my dad attempting to break the ice a few times. We sat down for the dinner and things were still pretty awkward for a bit. After a while, my parents tried making conversation with my girlfriend and I a bit, but I was still noticeably upset. When the dinner ended we went back to my new apartment. I told my parents I was going to spend the night with my girlfriend instead of with them at the apartment, and I texted them that night explaining some of my frustration. The next morning I met up with my parents to show them around the campus. We both apologized, but there was clearly still animosity on both sides. They left to drive home that afternoon. They felt they were in the right (i.e. justified in their actions) because their motivation was good, while I felt like I was in the right (i.e. justified in my emotions) because the way they gave the news was in poor taste. Am I justified in my emotions of feeling upset how they told the news of putting down our cat? My view is that they should have either told me the news in private or waited until a better opportunity, as opposed to before a nice dinner. I believe the timing of the news was horrible and delivered in a bad way. From my viewpoint, we've had the cat my entire life and I had no prior"
1600,"AITA for always spending time in the common space in a house with room mates? My wife and myself live in a house with 3 other people. We are self employed and work from home. Everyone else either works or are in college. A few weeks ago the other three housemates told us that we were being inconsiderate because we were so often in the common space. They assured us that it wasn't because we were doing anything particularly annoying in the common space, just that we were there so often. This really shocked me. I figured that the common space is always fair game, as long as you aren't being too loud, always taking up the whole couch so other people couldn't use it etc. I thought that if you want your alone time, you just stay in your room. But the 3 of them all agreed that we were doing them a disservice, and they seem to think that pretty much anyone else would agree. So that's my question to you, am I (and my wife) being the asshole for being in the common space so often?"
1601,"AITA For Flaming Cafeteria Worked If I don't eat before 7:00 PM at my college cafeteria, I won't be able to have a substantial meal for the rest of the day. I went to the cafeteria about 20 minutes before my deadline, so I was in something of a rush. When trying to get food, the lady in front of me in line was chatting it up with a cafeteria food distributor (for some reason, this line isn't self-serve; I have no idea why). She prattled on for two minutes, and the server wouldn't move the line along, so I was stuck waiting behind this lady for no good reason. The server chose to waste my time with his own chit-chat instead of doing his job. So I dropped my plate right in front of him, causing a clamor, and stormed out of the cafeteria. After my ire cleared, I felt kinda shitty about the whole thing, but I still feel like I had reasonable cause for at least being pissed. If he ever talks to me about it, I feel I wanna argue with him. But in retrospect, I don't think he deserved to deal with my loud outburst. Should I just try to apologize, or should I contest him and his work ethic?"
1602,"AITA for just not liking my Father? I'm an 18 (soon to be 19 in a couple weeks now) year old male and this is something which has really been bothering me lately. I just don't like my dad. I don't care to speak with him all that much, I find myself slightly disappointed whenever he gets home from work, and when we're alone together there tends to be a lot of silence. The reason I feel so bad about this is the fact that he's not really a bad guy. He'd do anything for his family, and I have no doubt in my mind that if it ever came down to it he'd readily die for me. The issue is his personality type. He's one of those people who's always right about everything, no matter what the topic is. If I ever know something that he doesn't he'll usually turn it into an argument. Condescendingly calling me the ""smartest kid in the room."" Saying how I have everything figured out and he's just ""stupid apparently."" He's extremely conservative and God forbid I have a political view which differs from his, because he has all the facts, ans anyone who disagrees with him is obviously just wrong, misguided, or flat out stupid. The funny part is I consider myself further to the right than I am the left, he just takes things to the next level. At one point we got into an hour long argument about climate change. With him insisting that it was all an elaborate scam courtesy of Obama. He can be mildly racist at times, judging people more by whether they're ""nigs"" than who they are. Now I don't mean that he's an extreme racist, as he's had black friends before and revers quite a few black people. He just has preconceived notions about them which don't extend further than their skin tone a lot of the time. He's extremely anti drug, openly expressing disgust with people who do anything other than drink or smoke weed (although he still looks down on weed smokers, definitely does. Just not to the same extent). Which is especially problematic because I'm a huge advocate of letting responsible people use drugs and not judging them for it. If he knew even a quarter of my experience with drugs he'd absolutely flip out. I feel guilty because a lot of my issues with him comes from a good place on his end. He'll repeatedly try to accommodate my older brother and I to the point of annoyance. For example, the other day we met the extended family for dinner and on the way back my brother was saying how since my niece didn't eat good so she'd be grumpy all night. To which my father responded by saying he'd get her McDonalds. My brother said no, as she doesn't like McDonald's and he wants her to grow up with healthier eating habits anyway. And our father repeatedly asked the same question with a different wording 8 or 9 times, and I'm not joking."
1603,"AITA for throwing away old clothes instead of donating them? I had a bunch of old clothes that I threw away instead of donating. The clothes were of ok quality, nothing that I threw away looked new and I had gotten most of the clothes from Goodwill. My friend thinks it was really selfish of me to throw them out instead of donating them. I don't have a car so I would have had to pay for an uber to take them to or bother someone I know for a ride. I also really didn't want to wash them. I think a few trashbags full of sort of ok quality clothes isn't too much of a waste to throw out."
1604,"AITA for going to the same restaurant as my friend on his first date? The other day my roommate Ryan told me that he was going on a date with a girl and he was taking her to Abigail's, a popular restaurant in town. It just so happened that I had had plans with my family to go to Abigail's at the same time for a couple weeks. I didn't think anything of it as it was purely coincidental that we had both made plans to go to the same restaurant at the same time. I show up to the restaurant with no plans to interact with him or distract him in any way. In another crazy swoop of coincidence, we ended up getting seated at the table directly adjacent to them. We exchanged a quick glance and smile but didn't interact the rest of the night. I didn't think anything of this until our third roommate, Colin, accused me of being an asshole for not suggesting that my family and I go to a different restaurant so as not to be a distraction to Ryan on his date. I don't believe I am the asshole here as it was a pure coincidence that we ended up having plans to go to the same restaurant at the same time on the same night. I don't feel that it would have been fair to the rest of my family to uproot their dinner plans that we had for a couple weeks because of my roommate that they barely even know. The only thing I feel I could have done differently was request that we move tables once we got seated, but I didn't want to create a scene which I thought might be a bigger distraction then if we had just sat down and gone about our business. But the idea of going to be a distraction to his date never crossed my mind. Am I the asshole here?"
1605,"AITA for raising my voice at my dad after he raised his? Context: I am 19 years old and currently live with my parents. My dad walked into my room and asked me to print something (which wasn't urgent). I was in the middle of a game of league of legends (an online multiplayer game which can't be paused until completed) and told him that I would print it for him after that. He raised his voice and said I want you to print it now, and I said i'll print it as soon as I'm done. He said why are you shouting (I was talking normally) and I said I'm not shouting. Then he started yelling and saying you are shouting. I said loudly that if he didn't like the way I was talking he doesn't have to talk to me. From there, he started screaming at the top of his lungs and throwing countless profanities at me. I remained silent and just kept playing. Is this my fault? Also, if it isn't my fault, how do you deal with behaviour like that?"
1606,AITA for using Spanish speaking telemarketers to practice my spanish I can't really understand anything but i try to keep the conversation going as long as I can if they call me It's so frequent I've starts answering all unknown numbers with hola My current best is 2 minutes 39 seconds I've been conversating better with the amigos at work ever since my new hobby
1607,"AITA Got banned from /r/ApplyingtoCollege for having an ""offensive"" political opinion. Problem is, I don't actually have an opinion and was merely asking a few questions. Thread that led to my ban: https://www.reddit.com/r/ApplyingToCollege/comments/6fad0s/harvard_rescinds_acceptances_for_at_least_ten/digs16i/ My appeal to the ban and rules of subreddit: https://imgur.com/a/lFTkS As you can see, not only have I not broken any rules, I have not done anything that the moderator has accused me of. I have not provoked anyone, did not argue, was not downvoted, and was constructed. Not that any of those actions are against the rules. Seriously, why is politics breaching a sub for teenagers trying to make a better life for themselves? The above post was copied from /r/banned, but I like this sub too. Obviously I don't think I'm the asshole here, but clearly the mods do so I'm open to hear the public verdict if anyone cares enough to actually read all the stuff."
1608,"AITA? Friend plays game without me, and I get upset. Me and my friend John played about halfway through borderlands 2 a year ago. We quit eventually, but recently, our friend Sam got borderlands 2, so we wanted to finish the game with Sam. We played for like an hour on Tuesday, but me and John couldn't play for 2 days because we were busy. Sam, however, made a new save and played for 20 hours those two days. Me and John are upset because we wanted to play with Sam, but Sam says that since it was another save file that it is okay. We are upset and Sam doesn't understand why. Is it understandable to be upset? EDIT: Well I left this out originally but me and Sam are dating. I didn't really feel like it mattered originally so that's why I left it out."
1609,AITA for expecting my friend not to spoil an episode of a TV show that I texted him about? I was watching a show he had recommended to me and texted him about something from near the start of it. His reply spoiled the end of the episode. I think he shouldn't have assumed I'd finished the episode in question. He thinks it was my fault for texting about an episode I hadn't finished. Note: This isn't a serious fight and I don't actually think either of us are assholes. I am just asking because I'm curious if most people would have assumed the same thing or not.
1610,"AITA for refusing to drive a drunk guy home? Today was my boyfriend’s birthday so we drove from the small town we live in to his much bigger hometown to meet a large group of his friends at a bar. Because I don’t drink alcohol, I told my boyfriend I would be his sober ride and drive him to the place we were staying at a short distance from the bar. I also told him that I didn’t want to be the designated driver for anyone else, as I’m not comfortable driving on the busy city highways, especially after dark. I also have bad social anxiety, and the idea of driving a large group around made me very anxious. During the party, one of my boyfriend’s friends got extremely drunk. He said he planned to take an Uber home to his place in a suburb about 20 minutes from the bar. At midnight he tried to order an Uber but was surprised by how expensive it was. He said his wife would be mad if he spent that much and offered me money to drive him home. I told him that I wouldn’t drive him because that would add an additional 40 minutes to my night. I also explained I wasn’t comfortable driving on the busy highways, especially after dark and in the rain. I didn’t tell him about my social anxiety issues, as I thought that was too personal. He asked me multiple times if I’d negotiate with him, and didn’t appear to accept my answer. Eventually another friend called him a cab. Am I the asshole for refusing to drive this guy home?"
1611,"AITA-Cooked my little brother eggs, critizes the fact I looked up some techniques after following a step i remembered, his eggs are in the sink I decided to my myself breakfast(its noon but we will just call it breakfast) and my brother asks if I could make him some. I agree, mainly because I know if I said otherwise he'd just whine. Cooking both of our breakfasts and ask him how he'd like it done. ""Cooked,"" he responded. I remind him that there are differing ways to cook eggs including my personal fav(overeasy) and he continues to show his disgust at my prefrence. I laugh it off, no big deal I'm the only one in my family that eats it that way anyway. Scrambled eggs it is. I noticed his eggs were still on low heat by accident making them take longer. I raise the temperature and to make it hurry, I fold the eggs inward to have the still runny parts pour onto the pan. He noticed and asked what I was doing. I just explained how i found that little thing on a vid as I wanted to learn different ways to cook eggs and little techniques. ""Thats sad,"" he tells me, ""You got to look up how to cook eggs."" No, of course I already knew how to cook eggs. Our mother taught me. I just wanted to learn different styles of eggs to possibly make on the future. Which i explained to him. ""But still thats just sad,"" he repeats. ""Look, do you want your eggs in the sink or what bitch?"" ""Who you calling a bitch?"" We looked at each other. It was one of those, ""I dare you,"" kind of scenarios. And naturally he didnt think I'd do anything. But fuck it I thought, you still want to be critical when i could have told you to make your own damn eggs. So...yeah as the title said, threw them in the sink, down the garbage disposal. Dad came in and asked what happend to the eggs. He lies, again to our parent, ""There was blood in it."" And i went with it. The truth came out just a bit later and when he talks to us both of course its different povs and stories."
1612,"AITA for posting a complaint about a vegetarian wedding meal? I made [this post] about an awful meal I had at a wedding. Admittedly the title is bitching about how I hate weddings because I can't eat what I'm served. From my perspective, I was posting anonymously so it would never hurt my cousins, I was clear in the comments (I can't write a summary and attach a pic) that this was a failing on the restaurants part and that I felt awful my cousins spent a ton of money and got crap out of it. The other perspective I'm getting is that I'm being really ungrateful for a free meal. I don't see it as a free meal. I see it as a meal my family paid for and didn't get what they were promised. I have some real issues around eating. Anorexia, but not nervosa. My body sends extremely strong signals not to eat in general but certain foods can be gag-inducing. It stems from some pretty awful medical abuse so I'm super sensitive about the whole thing. It is really embarrassing when I can't eat a food some gives to me out of love so I thought (right or wrong, you tell me!) that when I got an objectively bad plate, it would be okay to bitch. Because I'm so sensitive about it, I know I was cranky with a few commenters so I will completely accept that. But am I the asshole for complaining?"
1613,"AITA for thinking ****washing is bad? I'm using a throw away account but I think it would be easy to figure out my original one, especially for people who were involved in the original conversation. I'll explain what happened. In a sub there was a conversation about races and movies. I stated that it kinda bugs me when a character of X race is acted by an actor of race Y. A few examples: In the flash show there's a few character who were originally white, but the actors are black. Still watched and enjoyed the show until it got repetitive for me, I just didn't like that detail. In the ghost in the shell movie, the main character is arguably Japanese, the actress is white. In the netflix live action serie ""death note"", the races are all messed up. The Japanese character is acted by a white guy, the british butler by a Japanese actor, and a young english guy (I think english, either way white) is acted by a black guy. There's plenty of situations like this. It doesn't make the show unwatchable for me, it just bugs me a little. I'm used to see a specific character in a certain way, when they change it so much then I find it annoying. It's not me wanting all actors to be my same race, I feel the exact same way about any race changed. Even worse, when I see it happen it's usually either a white actor taking the part of a cool non white character or a black actor taking the role of a less important character. I was told it's racist and I found it very offensive, as I've hated racism since I was little, I always hated class mates for being racist, and it happened plenty. Hell, got in trouble for it. Am I the racist asshole here? Or is the other guy an idiot who likes to insult other people?"
1614,"AITA for reclaiming my property? I posted this story from the weekend in /r/discgolf and was not expecting anyone to say I was in the wrong. What does AITA think? > So about 6 weeks ago, I was throwing a drive on a very short hole (172') at Wrighstville Beach. This hole (hole 7) has a straight line at the basket, and a window for a big hyzer. I always throw the big hyzer. So I throw My bt hard harp but grip lock it in perfect WTF Richard fashion and it just sails into the woods, about parallel with the tee box. I was playing in league and decided to go back for it later, and since my name was on it I wasn't worried about someone finding it first. The course has a lost and found and they actually call most of the time. So flash forward to yesterday (State Finals at Brewster Ridge/ Fox Run). We're all putting in between rounds and my harp lands at my feet. I instantly recognized it, but the guy who was (pathetically) putting with it was walking up to get it. I said, ""hey does that harp have a name on it?"" Dude picks it up, and reads my name to me. I snatch it out of his hand and say ""Thanks, why didn't you call?"" He says ""I thought I did"". I replied, ""Karma, dude."" Fuck him, right, I was angry and rather than elevate tensions, I related to him how I lost it. Then he says, ""Yeah my buddy found it way deep in there. I traded him my pro shark for it."" What the fuck?? I just said, ""Well you better go get your shark back."" **EDIT** link to the original so you can see other people's feedback https://www.reddit.com/r/discgolf/comments/76qz1k/found_my_disc_story_with_a_message/"
1615,"AITA after I told my friend he couldn't have some of my drink? Ok, this happened a few years ago, but it is still often brought up between us because he still won't admit he was in the wrong, and I am still a little bitter about it. So this was in around year 8 when I was like 12. I had bought a drink in a bottle from the slightly overpriced school canteen. My friend asks if he can have a bit of it because he is a bit thirsty. Now I really do not like germs, and I really do not like people's saliva, so I said no since I didn't want him putting it in his mouth when I still wanted to drink from it. He gets a bit pissed off. I leave my bag around when I go off to do whatever I did at lunch back then, leave my bottle in the bag, come back and long story short it turns out he drank from it on the sly. No I got really pissed off and demanded that he pay for a new one. He didn't and insists I was being a dick for not giving him some in the first place and that I am being an arsehole to still be annoyed about it. Now, putting aside how petty and stubborn we both are for still arguing about it, am I right to be annoyed at him?"
1616,"AITA if my roommate made plans based on something uncertain I said I am currently living in a two-bedroom apartment with a roommate I get along adequately with. Because the idea of living alone appealed to me, I decided a few weeks ago that I would search around for a studio apartment for next year. I mentioned to my roommate that I was going to try and find a studio apartment for next year, and while I do not remember the exact phrasing of what I said (since the conversation was verbal and took place a few weeks ago), I know for sure that I never said that I would definitely be moving out, since I was uncertain at the time whether I would find a good enough deal on a studio to actually move. However I phrased it to her, I know that I would have made sure to phrase these plans as uncertain. While I don't remember her exact response, it was about the equivalent of ""Ok, cool."" Weeks pass, we never mention the subject again. I didn't find any good deals on studios and decided to renew my lease here, but I didn't tell my roommate because honestly, the thought of telling her never occurred to me (we don't talk much). I suppose I figured she would assume I was going to stay here unless I told her that I found a deal and was moving out. Yesterday, our landlord emailed us and told us that we should tell them ASAP whether or not we plan to renew because they will soon begin letting people tour our apartment. The following text conversation ensued between me and my roommate: [https://imgur.com/a/AZpW4] So that's going to be a conversation we're going to have. I'll update after we have it. As for my plans, I plan to stay here next year because I quite like this place, and that's what I will tell her when we talk. UPDATE: She got back from work and we had a quick, calm conversation about the situation. Long story short, she's decided to move out to live with the other person. I'm happy with this, and she seems satisfied. I think this had a pretty good resolution, but as per subreddit rules I'll leave this post up so you guys can be the judge of that."
1617,"AITA for knocking on the ceiling to get my landlords to turn down their radio? So I live in a basement apartment, and at around 7-8am EVERY SINGLE DAY, they turn on the radio at full blast. The radio is in their kitchen, which happens to be directly above the one in said basement. My room is right next to the kitchen, under their living room. I moved the desk so that it's on the opposite side of the house, and I can still hear it *through my headphones*. They also leave it on pretty much all day. I've gone up and asked them to turn it down twice, and both times I actually woke the guy up when he was napping in another room. Wasn't even listening to it. Don't know where his wife was at the time. So at this point, I just take a cardboard thing and hit the ceiling twice when it gets infuriatingly loud, which sometimes still doesn't even work. Am I just supposed to make asking them to turn it down part of my daily routine?"
1618,"AITA for asking a coworker to wear headphones? I work in an open office, and the guy across from me constantly listens to music out loud. He's escalated to blatantly watching tv shows on his computer with the sound on. We don't work for the same team so I don't know him, but he's older than I am and has worked here longer. He definitely has seniority but we basically share a desk. I've only been here a month and he's already driving me crazy, so I asked him to stop. Am I the asshole for asking him to wear headphones? It was a very awkward encounter."
1619,"AITA for getting upset at our apartment maintenance for leafblowing the sidewalk relatively early? For some context, I serve from 4pm or 5pm to around 12am to 1am. Depending if we are busy I might be working untill 2 am, meaning 1am to 3am is usually when I get home. My wall is right against said sidewalk and it always happens at 9am. They usually do 3 or 5 cycles up and down the sidewalk with the leaf-blower. In my opinion, if you are using a leaf-blower to clean a sidewalk, it should take one trip, maybe twice if you are being anal about it. It wakes me up everyday, through my closed headphones that I play white noise through. All my friends think I'm being an asshole for getting mad at this guy. I know its his job, but I know I'm not the only person with a wall that is against the sidewalk, and I really feel like leaf-blowing 3 to 5 times is just riding the clock and unnecessary, and if you do want to leaf blow that long, do it a little later."
1620,"AITA for moving and renting out our house and not consulting my brother in law? Technically are WE the Assholes? So my husband’s Grandma died and left him some money. Not that much but enough for us to put with our savings and buy a second property as an investment. We’ve just had an offer accepted. We plan to move into the new place which has a workshop attached for my husband, Jeff, to work on his motorbikes and rent out our existing place, which is bigger and likely to make more $ in rent. He told his family and his brother is pissed! His brother, who we’ll call Brad, is about 10 years older and used to part-own our existing house. See, when Jeff was 15 he came to live with Brad for family reasons. Jeff, Brad and their Mum bought our existing house for Jeff and Brad to live in, but Brad moved away after about 4 years and has been traveling and working abroad since. I met Jeff just after Brad moved away and then moved in with him after a couple of years with Brad’s blessing. We started covering the mortgage ourselves and after we got engaged agreed to buy the house off of Brad and Mother-in-Law, seen as we wanted to get on the property ladder, already lived there, and Brad had no interest in moving back in. This didn’t happen for a couple of years, not for lack of us pushing. Brad is a hoarder (he’d admit this) and doesn’t like to get rid of anything. During this time we were stuck in limbo, unable to move house or buy the existing one, all the while contributing to a mortgage which was only one third Jeff’s. We finally completed last year and are no longer financially tied to him. It still took him another 6 months to sort out the room full of stuff he had left with us, which is now in our attic. So, back to present day and our situation has changed. We’re starting a family, and need somewhere with better vehicle access and a workshop for Jeff. It makes more financial and practical sense to move and rent the existing place, rather than buy somewhere else to rent out. We’d always wanted to do this at some point, but now we have the inheritance it’s possible now. We haven’t heard from Brad in ages as he’s away travelling, and hasn’t often replied to Jeff’s messages. Jeff can’t remember the last time they managed to speak on the phone. When we had the offer accepted Jeff text his family. Brad came back saying he would have liked to have been told we wouldn’t be living in [existing house], because he has an emotional attachment to the place and wouldn’t have sold it to us if he knew we wouldn’t be living there. We thought he would have been happy for us. He’d never suggested buying Jeff out, or moving back, or any alternative to us buying it. We’d have owned it 3 years"
1621,"AITA for telling a girl to turn her music down on a bus? Brief Context: I'm a twentysomething guy on the bigger side. I'm on a public bus in Los Angeles and this college-age girl comes on with her music blaring from her phone. I gesture to her to note the volume. She's playing it off or playing dumb all the while. I then flatly ask that she turns it down, and she asks ""why"". I tell her it's one of the rules of the Metro system (which it is). She says ""hold on,"" then pulls out what looks like a portable flashlight and threatens me with it. I tell the operator and she leaves subsequently. Who's the asshole?"
1622,"AITA for not paying my share of the UK TV licence Some context for anyone not from the UK, in the UK there is a £147 licence (per year) to use services provided by many British TV channels. I am currently living in a student house with three other people. They all use the aforementioned services and wanted to get a TV licence, since not paying and using the services can result in a £1000 fine. I refuse to pay for the TV licence, I do not use these services and did not want to pay for this. I am more than happy for them to split it three ways and simply never use the service. They claim that this is very much akin to a utility, and by not paying it I am being an asshole. The way I see it, its much more like a Netflix subscription, it is for entertainment, and it is for entertainment that I will not use regardless so I shouldn't have to pay. **Some more details but you can probably stop reading here**. I also lived in the house over the summer while I was working, they each were here for weeks at a time but none of them stayed the whole time. I am now being accused of being unfair because they paid for the utilities during this time evenly. I argue that a utility is different because it is essential, and if any of them came home to not have any of these things it would not have been acceptable, but if they didn't have the use of the TV channels that would have been fine, so in my opinion there is a clear distinction. EDIT: Two things, there's a bit of misunderstanding, we don't actually own a TV, the TV licence covers streaming services for these channels online and that's why they're getting it. Secondly, I've decided to pay"
1623,"AITA For Retaliating? Just got home from work, and on my way home this lady cut me off coming out of a gas station while I was coming to a stop light and she ended up being the car next to me. While she was cutting me off, I waved to be a smart ass. Well she rolls her window down, and begins talking shit, so I rolled my down and she yells “what’s your fucking problem? So what if I didn’t wave!” So I replied, almost screaming, “what’s YOUR fucking problem, you cut me off and that wasn’t cool, if you’re gonna be a bitch about it then you can go fuck yourself!” I get the response of “fuck you kid (22 but I look 16) I should have T-boned you” and rolled her window up and proceeded to flip me off. Now this might make me the asshole, but she had her kid in the front seat who couldn’t have been older than 8. I do my best to not curse around children but I figured if she was going to talk to me like that, then these words must be common in their house. So, am I in the wrong for retaliating like I did?"
1624,"AITA for roasting a random person on tinder I was recently using tinder and I was that I got a new match. I did not remember swiping right on this girl as I did not find her particularly attractive, especially the hair. She had really bad bangs. I'm not going to post a picture for privacy's sake but just trust me, they were bad. I decided to have a little fun and say ""Fuck what you heard, you can't pull off bangs"". It was a minor roast that I thought was funny. So I took a screen shot and posted it in a private group chat among friends where people roast each other and make jokes all the time. Well nobody seemed to find it as funny as I did. They all said I was fucked, an asshole, a dick and that I might of made that girl depressed and what not. I didn't think what I did was that mean but the group chat seems to think so. So what does Reddit think?"
1625,"AITA for commenting on my ex-Girlfriend's Sister after my ex-Girlfriend made an inappropriate comment while breaking up with me So, a bit of context. My ex-girlfriend and I had been dating for 3 years and about a week before the break up I confided in her in a really personal anecdote about my dad's abuse. I still live with my dad (mostly for my sibling's sake) and we don't have a really good relationship. My ex lives with her sister for half of the year and her sister absolutely adores her. In her sister's mind she can do no wrong, but her sister is also very controlling and doesn't like me at all. Everyone my ex hangs out with (that isn't a mutual friend of ours) is her sister's friend and my ex often feels pressured to binge drink and do drugs when they are all out partying (even though she doesn't like it). When she told me she wanted to break up, I was obviously very hurt, but I didn't cling on to it because I had seen it coming for a while. She let me ask her a few questions and we talked for a bit about how to best handle giving our mutual friends the news and then it happened... We were wishing each other the best in our lives and then my ex said ""Yeah good luck to you. With a dad like that, you'll need it."" I felt like that was REALLY inappropriate of her to say, especially when I had only just confided in her about his abuse. It felt like she was holding it against me or something. I was obviously really angry and replied back ""Yeah, you too. Call me when your sister let's you be your own person."" She got REALLY pissed and left immediately and blocked me everywhere. We haven't talked since and I did send her an apology over FB, but have decided to leave her alone. I feel like I could have been the bigger person and not have said anything, but I felt like what she said was really inappropriate given the conversation/context."
1626,"AITA for expecting a thanks and declining to do artwork for a coworker I'm an art teacher and as such I'm occasionally asked to make artwork for other teachers. Usually this is a one-time thing like a t-shirt design or poster and I almost always do it if it won't take too long or cut into the time I need to do my job. There's one teacher though that continuously asks me to make designs for him. Last year alone I did 3 posters and I think 2 different shirt designs, each one with multiple edits. Again at the time it wasn't too big a deal because it also benefited more than just his students. This year though it feels like he's come to just expect that I can do whatever he needs whenever he needs it. He's also not even bothering to say thank you to me any more. Usually he'll just throw a few random insincere complements at me, ask me for something, ask for edits, then nothing. For the amount of time I spend on his requests it seems reasonable that he would at least say thank you, even via email. At this point it kind of feels like he's using me. AITA for not wanting to make designs for him anymore?"
1627,"AITA for leaving condoms for a roommate while he was cuddling with her gf who flew out to see him? This literally just happened, and I have a feeling I am to blame to some extent. For about a month my roommate at college let me and my other roommate know that his girlfriend was going to come to visit and stay for a few days. Everyone was okay with it. Flash-forward to today: she arrives in the afternoon, and they're together talking and stuff the whole time. She's sitting in his lap, they're laughing together, all that stuff. Meanwhile, the other roommate is out, and i'm sitting in bed watching the Astros game, waiting for it to finish. Then they get in his bunk together and lie together under the covers. I'll admit, it's kinda weird. My plan had been to leave to eat dinner after the game, so once it ended, I got up and said I was leaving. I put on my shoes and grabbed my keys, but then I figured I might put some condoms on his desk underneath the bunk, half as a joke and half jic. (maybe not the best joke.) I told him as I left the door ""I left you something useful under your ID card "" (where I put it) and he responded ""That's fucking disgusting"" as I walked out the door. Harsher than I expected, but sometimes he can get really annoyed so I chalked it up to that. He was high anyway. As I got my food at the restaurant i'm sitting at now, he sends me a bunch of angry texts saying that I was fucking disrespectful, that I have no say in what they do in their relationship, and that I don't have the right to think that's funny. He added that it made him and his girlfriend very uncomfortable, but sometimes I don't know if he's exaggerating. I apologized but said that I didn't mean to suggest they do anything, and he said that I did. How much of an asshole am I? I don't want to quote too many of the texts, but he was furious, and I didn't think it would be that bad. Just yesterday as the Dodgers got into the World Series, I commented that if the Astros get in, I'd root for them instead, and he got pissed and told others that I said I hoped that the Dodgers would get swept. (he added later that he's been stressed by the week) Edit: Thanks for the response. I apologized to his girlfriend while he wasn't there, and she said it was okay. I mentioned that it seemed like my roommate got really pissed, and she laughed and agreed. I got the sense she wasn't as uncomfortable as my roommate said she was, if at all."
1628,"AITA for wanting to ignore my girlfriends sister and her fiancé? Hey guys, I try to keep it as short as possible but I have to tell some background story. Basically, I know my sisters girlfriend since high school and we used to be cool with each other, like sitting next to each other in class and stuff. She was already in a relationship with her current boyfriend/fiancé back then (were talking high school graduation class of 2007). Anyway, after high school our ways part and by chance I get to be in a relationship with her sister a couple years later, which makes us see each other more often again. Now, the thing with her sister and her boyfriend is that she is very career driven. Whenever they achieve something they’re like the proudest people and the whole word has to know. I already hated that about her in High School. They like to talk about themselves a lot. I get that I am not a real part of the family, but here is one thing that irks me. They never ask me how I‘m doing in life, what I‘m currently at. Never. Further, her fiancé is like an old man in a young mans body. He’s been that way ever since high school. He grew up very poor and is therefore absolutely envious of everybody that has more than him, especially if its coming from their family (his family basically abandoned him). So, since I am from a more normal family background he dislikes me for that first and foremost. Second, he never asks me to partake in anything that just the men do at family gatherings. For instance, up until last year the third sister in the family had a boyfriend, and fiancé and little sisters boyfriend used to always go outside for I don’t know, checking out cars or just a walk without asking me. Plus, fiancé had to always crack a joke about me. F that guy. Now the sister, since she’s very career driven her work gave her the chance to travel to the UK for a conference. Since she’s not the smartest, she didn’t know which visa to get and what not. I actually work in the travel industry and helped her out a lot with what to file, where and so on. Like this went on for a couple of weeks and then her travels came. She even sent me a picture on Facebook of her in front of Big Ben. But what I find a little disappointing, she didn’t even ask me if she could bring me a souvenir or anything from back there. She brought a thing for everybody in her family. Except for me which I get because I’m not a real part of the family. But I don’t know that hurts, especially since I helped her a lot. Another thing is, for two years straight they didn’t get me anything for my birthday. And that is definitely not normal since they’re all very big about birthdays in the family. Like"
1629,"AITA - Keep fucking up relationships with my family. Am I delusional or an asshole? A bit tipsy, english isn't my first language and I'm on mobile - so apologies in advance. Tl;dr 3/5 family members have or don't want to have no contact with me. I'm the common denominator so some harsh truths and self reflection are in order. Any input greatly appreciated. Storytime. First family member to estsblish zero contact: my mother. Mom and dad divorced when I was 10. Mom shacks up with a big guy, with two kids that he has every other weekend. Of course he wants his kids to have a great time when they come, so those kids get treated way better. My Mom also treats them better in order to make sure they have a good time. Which is a nice thought, but kids notice differential treatmeant and as the oldest I was the most vocal about the injustice and acted out. Which resulted in my mother's new guy physically abusing me on several occasions. Mom did nothing. Which made me att out even more (self harm and being overall difficult) until she, when I was 16, asked me to move out. Tried to make amends on several occasions, but could not stund for her unwillingness to admin fault and so, no contact for 16 years. Second family member to establish no contact: Dad. My dad is an alcoholic. It was a big reason as to why my parents got divorced. My dad's favorite thing to do when he's drunk and alone is to call up his kids and tell us how we've disappointed him. My sister's didn't know about this behaviour until in their 20's, as I took the blunt of these confrontations for most of the time, being the one child he had full time after I was 16. Moved out from dad's at 18 and set up some boundaries: don't call me when you're drunk. He's respected this for most of the time, but relapses every now and then. Last relapse was new years 2015/2016. Picked up. Heard he was drunk. Wished him a happy new year and told him we'd talk more tomorrow. Dad loses his shit and proceeds to send over 30 text messages, relaying what a shitty daughter I am and how he won't let me speak to my baby brother unless I pick up. I will stand for none of this shit and confront him the next day, referring to his text history. He then takes the position of the victim and starts complaining about how he'll never be ""good enough"" for me. Which is a lie, I've told him a thousand times that he's a great dad. When he's sober. After that he won't respond to text or calls, and after father's day this year yielded no results, I'm done reaching out only to be met by silence. Family member #3: sister #2. We've always been super close, but also argued the most - as we're very similarily people. She's been (unwillingly) single for 10 years"
1630,"AITA for not waking my girlfriend up? This was this morning. For about 2 weeks there has been a plan that some friends, my girlfriend and I would meet downtown today at 10:00am sharp to go out for my birthday. My girlfriend and I went to bed last night and set an alarm for 8:30. 10:00am sharp had been reiterated many times to all of us as we are in a group chat and hang out every day. I got up just before 8:30 and woke my girlfriend up with me. ""Let's get up! I'm gonna go inside and shower!""(we live in a camper on someone's property and must use their shower.) My girlfriend to wake her up when I got back. I asked if she was sure and if that's enough time for her. She assured me it was enough time and I reluctantly said okay. Unfortunately I suffer from IBS. Mornings aren't the best time for me and I spend a good amount of time on the toilet. After I had showered I came back to our camper and woke her up. She was difficult to motivate to say the least. It's pretty cold outside of our cozy, warm blankets. She went in and showered, I went out and got us coffee and a breakfast sandwich, came back and she was getting ready. I asked ""still good for 10?"" And I was met with a very frustrated attitude. She said it was my fault that I woke her up so late and that she didn't have enough time to get ready. I said ""10:00am has been the plan the whole time. It shouldn't be my responsibility to wake you up and make sure you have enough time to get ready."" I explained to her how I was having one of my usual IBS mornings and that I can't really help it, it's out of my control. She's still aggravated because she had to rush. Am I the asshole here?"
1631,"AITA for financially cutting off my MIL First time posting in this sub. On mobile, so I apologize for any formatting issues. A little back story, me and my husband got married in April. We had a relatively small wedding. My MIL ended up helping us pay for a portion, around $1000 worth. However, on mother's day, we paid her back, with interest, plus around another grand to help cover her bills, she had hit hard times financially. I know everyone hits times occasionally, I had no problem helping her out at the time. She said the was going to use it to pay off her car. Turns out she used it to pay for other things, not a dime on the car. Now every time she calls my husband, she needs money. It started out being $20 for gas, which again, I could understand. But it kept getting more expensive and more frequent. Eventually I told my husband we can't afford to support his mother as well as ourselves. Side note, his brother lives with us as well. We moved my brother in law to save my MIL some money on his rent, he had previously been living with her. It just bothers me that she's taking advantage of the fact that we're financially stable. We have our own bills to pay, plus 2 dogs to feed, take to the vet, etc. If I am the Asshole here, feel free to tell me."
1632,"AITA for blocking an old acquaintance? So this is a recent issue that has a background that goes back several years. Back in high school, I took a logic class where all of my classmates and teacher were male. Over the course of the year, about half of the class began acting in ways that made me feel actively uncomfortable, and in some instances were pretty clear cases of harassment - e.g., practicing making syllogisms about the size of my breasts, fighting over sitting next to me, bra-strap tweaking, etc. I finally told my parents about the behavior, and steps were taken to address the misbehavior with the parents of the worst offenders. However, my mother told the mother of another boy in the class about the behavior, and this boy, let's call him Moses, gets involved. I don't know if Moses' mom told him to intervene on my behalf, or if this was a choice on his own, but he began trying to alleviate the situation. Moses would escort me into class to avoid the other students who would wait outside class for me, and would sit near me and encourage the less creepy students to sit near him. If we're honest, I was pretty freaked out by the entire situation, including his intervention, but since he was being kind, I was friendly with him and just let the relationship drift away after he graduated from high school (he was a few grades up from me at the time), about a year after the logic class. Fast forward five years. Moses somehow finds my cell phone number (which has stayed constant since high school, and which I definitely did not give to him) and texts me on the day I told him was my birthday (I have a policy of hiding it from casual acquaintances). I ask him how he remembers after so many years, and he tells me he's got an alert on his phone, and that it alerts him every year, but that he just now thought to text me. That's ... a little weird? but I finish the conversation as normally as possible. A few months later, I buy a new PC, and when loading Steam onto it, I am able to access my old high school account. Moses has gifted me 6 copies of a game in the years since I last saw him. Since I discovered the gifted games, a couple years have gone by, and he's continued to text me on my ""birthday"" every year. This year, I was freaked out about it enough that I unfriended him on every social media platform, blocked his number, and unfriended his mother as well. So, good people of reddit, am I the asshole? On the one hand, I feel like his behavior since high school has maybe crossed a line and it's ok for me to protect myself. On the other hand, maybe I led him to believe we were good friends, and he's wondering why I ghosted him. And on a third hand, maybe he was"
1633,"AITA for not being easy going enough on a vacation that I’m not bankrolling.? Update: BF came home after getting our daughter last night and apologized for not considering what I'd want to do. He said he just got really excited talking to his buddies and wanted to do everything they wanted to do- consigning me in the process. He promised to carve out some us time and on Monday go do something in our own if I still wanted to. I think he's reeling it back in. Thanks guys ;) I didn't end up having to reiterate my side but nice to know I'm not an asshole ha! So my boyfriend and I, and a few of his friends from work and their spouses are going on vacation to New Orleans this coming week for Halloween. At first I thought the group would be 2 or 3 other people but I didn’t ask for a guest list either. He said “Bobby his wife, and maybe Joe are coming.” Then the next day “oh Jim is gonna have fun at XYZ place” Now it’s 7/8 people. I have anxiety issues being around new people or even groups Of people I know. I wouldn’t say it’s debilitating but my stomach gets upset knowing I’m going to be around them. Headache, sweating, etc. We’ve dated for going on 8 years. This is nothing new. I thought this will be fun even though it’s more people than I liked. I’ll give it a good chance. It’s also worth mentioning I’ll miss taking my daughter trick or treating over this. So I’m already heart broken. Ok about the financing- My boyfriend paid for the hotel through his friend making a group reservation. And while I originally paid for the flights he paid me back on his own. He will probably pay 95% of our expenses there. I was under the impression that about 60% of the time would be with the group and the rest we could kinda of explore on our own. Well as he has been excited and talking about it I’ve pieced together that we will not being doing anything on our own and that any spur of the moment things we do will be with the group. I’m already getting a headache thinking about having to follow these people around all week. I have only met 2 of them on one or two occasions. He asked if I wanted to go on a graveyard tour so he could coordinate it with Bobby. Well yes I’d love to but I don’t want to go with Bobby and his wife. I want to go with my boyfriend. And every single day is schedule for something to go to. A huge seafood festival- I don’t eat seafood. Then today he mentions how can’t wait to go on a bar crawl.. and I said to him “what about me screams bar crawl?” And he says well that’s what we’re doing most of the time going to different bars, etc. while I’m not against drinking I don’t"
1634,"AITA For aggressively pressuring a guy into paying me for an object of mines that was returned broken Background: In my sophomore year of high school I bought a limited time school pair of sunglasses for $5. I straight up loved this pair of sunglasses. I would wear it on top of my regular glasses in class (yeah I couldn't see well with it in class but it felt cool). I only had these glasses for 3 days until a mutual friend ( I'll call Joe) asked me if he could borrow the sunglasses. Event: On a Friday of my Physical Education class Joe asked if he could borrow the pair of sunglasses. I did not want to give Joe the sunglasses but being the awkward teenager that I was I tried to say ""no"" in the most indirect way possible. I told him ""I don't know"", ""I kinda like these sunglasses"", etc. Eventually he took the glasses off my face and promised me he would return it to me by Monday. I was kinda salty but whatever it's just for a weekend. Then come Monday. I asked him if he could give me back my sunglasses to which he told me that it was broken and that another person had broken them. Joe's Side of the Story: When he went to a high school football game with my sunglasses, he made a girl he knew mad. The girl he knew took the sunglasses, threw it on the ground, and stomped on it, breaking it. -- Side note: Maybe she was into anime or something? Idk. Aftermath: Obviously, I was mad; I was extra passive aggressive towards him and asked him for the broken sunglasses. After seeing how I couldn't fix the sunglasses, I asked him to give me $5. He told me to get it from the girl. I asked him why he couldn't get it himself, and he told me she didn't believe the sunglasses belonged to someone other than him. Being the awkward teenager I was I couldn't bring myself to ask her. I kept asking him to return me the money to which, he kept telling me to get from the girl. After a few days, I was eventually able to leverage the money from him saying that it was ""just in case"" I couldn't get the money from the girl. I never asked the girl and kept the money, but wasn't able to buy the sunglasses by the time the money was returned. I mostly ignored him for the rest of the year. Tldr: Didn't want to lend guy sunglasses but he got them anyways. Another person breaks glasses, he gives the sunglasses back broken. I trick him into giving me money for said sunglasses."
1635,"AITA for asking my housemates not always be in the common space? After my housemate told me about this thread [“ATIA for always spending time in the common space in a house with room mates?”!] I thought I’d give my perspective and see what the response was. My two roommates and I talked with our housemate couple about how we would prefer it if they were not constantly in the common space. One or both of them is typically in the (quite small) common area, and some weeks they will both be out of the house for maybe five hours total. We understand they work from home and want to relax in the common area, but nearly 24/7 is beyond our idea of normal. It's important to note that our walls are also paper thin so you can hear almost anything between the three bedrooms. My girlfriend and I are in one room and the couple is in the middle one. You can easily hear conversations between the middle bedroom and the other two, and the bedrooms also open to the common space so noise easily passes between those areas as well. I think part of the misunderstanding lies in this sentence, “They assured us that it wasn't because we were doing anything particularly annoying in the common space, just that we were there so often.” What we had tried to convey was that, hypothetically, if they were in the common space 24/7 and not doing anything annoying we would still not find that ideal. We do stay in our rooms if we want to be alone, but would occasionally like to be able to cook, eat at the table, or just leave our rooms without having to engage with someone. It would also be nice to be able to be in our rooms without someone being able to hear us at all times. However, this hypothetical is not the reality. The couple is there often and they fight with each other, argue, or generally create unpleasantness fairly frequently (mostly the wife). Sometimes we hear this between the rooms when, for instance, she calls him stupid or useless and makes him cry. Other times it’s in the common area , where it’s usually about something more trivial but also fairly uncomfortable. This situation came to a head because they were arguing in the common space and I asked the wife if she could stop arguing/not be so loud. She became quite angry over this and let me have it. One thing led to another and we all got together to talk about how it would be better for us if they could get out more and also not do this stuff in the house. I feel that it’s reasonable to expect someone to reflect on this behavior and whether it would bother someone. It’s obvious we have some different preferences - for instance, when I realized they were clipping their nails on the living room/kitchen table and cleaning them off with our dish sponge they agreed to refrain but were somewhat perplexed"
1636,"AITA for not wanting to go on a trip with my ex? Back while we were still dating, my (long distance) ex [28M] and I [22F] made plans to travel together for a few days in November for an event that’s important to him. I broke up with him in the summer and when that happened, I assumed I wasn’t going anymore. However, when we talked more about it a few months ago, he said he assumed I was still going and that he still wanted me to go, because he wouldn’t go if I didn’t go. I told him okay, but I wanted to be clear that the trip didn’t mean we were getting back together or anything like that. He said he understood. His plan was to pay for everything, as I’m a student and he works full-time. About two weeks ago he moved to an area closer to where I live for work, so we decided to get lunch together as friends. Lunch itself was fine but in the days afterwards, he kept messaging me and I realized that he may have had different expectations regarding meeting up. I decided that I needed space from him. I called him and told him that I was sorry and that I needed space from him, but during the conversation, I did not explicitly say I wasn’t going on the trip (it didn’t come up at all). He texted me later and said “you’re still going, right?” So I called him again, told him I wasn’t going, and apologized. He was upset because he’d paid for a lot of the trips amenities in the interim (since I told him I was going a few months ago). He then found out he couldn’t get refunds for a least part of it, and he was pissed. I offered to pay him back, and he said he wouldn’t accept it because he knows I don’t have much money. He told me I was being cruel and inconsiderate for not going, and that most people would just suck it up and go. After about an hour of this, I told him I would think about it and let him know. I figure that I’m the asshole for not immediately going no-contact after breaking up with him, and probably also the asshole for agreeing to go a few months ago (and maybe also for getting lunch). But AITA if I don’t go now? I honestly don’t want to go, but I don’t want to be unfair to him either. **Edit:** Thanks everyone for the discussion here. It gave me a lot to think about. I've let him know that I'm definitively not going, so then he blocked me, so the situation is resolved."
1637,"AITA for (allegedly - according to mods) breaking the rules of one subreddit, or?.. So, as the story goes: I'm posting my content on reddit. I know that there are self-promotion restrictions and I trying hard to follow them as much as I can: if I feel like I did too much posting my own stuff I try to compensate posting and commenting something valuable, interesting or entertaining for people to know. It's just that reddit is an amazing place for finding people that might actually care for what you do with passion. I value that much more then the fact that one of my videos once grabbed thousands of views on a hype wave as I know I was not able to do it both quick and efficiently - it never gained me the happiness or fun that I value in what I do. For me it is indeed about the community aspect and for some reason reddit is the only thing that I really like to share with - I generally suck with most of the other social networks because it always feels kinda awakward. Especially since being a bit bad with social skills I've only joined some of the major social networks recently. In fact Reddit might be the oldest social network I actually joined willingly (although it still took me roughly a year to become more active). The content I make is of independent filmmaking kind. Takes most of my time and money but is something I'm so passionate about that I feel totally worth it blowing most of my money on filming and then barely having money for food. Been filming the feature film since 2007 on no budget. One web-series since 2012. Despite it gained rather lacking views it is something I like too continue so I doing it anyway. So, closing in on the actual reason I was writing this - I've released a micro-episode for the afore-mentioned web-series today (won't give any links here as it's not the point). I've posted it to a couple of subs that liked the previous episode. It gained three upvotes. I was happy about it as if it's more then ""1"" (me myself) it means I was able to do something interesting for at least one human being. Then I've got banned. I tried to contact the mods, apologizing, explaining myself and asking whether the reason why I was banned was self-promotion. I received the letter which, despite it was quite a pleasant day of filming the new stuff made me feel like shit. And made me write it just because I wanted to ask other people - do I really look like that?.. Here it is: ""as it was not my intention"" **Yeah, no. Just looking at your profile and we knew what your intention are : self-promotion.** ""firstly, I'm rather terrible at math"" **that is no excuse** ""I post something of my creation I usually follow that with a whole string of other posts"" **First, this shouldn't supose to work that way. Reddit isn't for self-promotion,"
1638,"AITA for resenting my gf's mom for her actions? **Disclaimer:** I am not looking for validation; I just want someone to put my ass in check or tell me I'm not wrong to feel the way I do. Do not sugarcoat it with me. I only seek people's honest opinion on my thought process. I also apologize for my shitty explanation too. **Background:** I (26, M) am in a committed relationship with my girlfriend (28) for just over half a year. I have not yet met her mom (mid-40s), who is in a ""committed relationship"" with her boyfriend (they've been together for years). The mom has three daughters (oldest of these three being 16) from her ex-husband whom live with her in her boyfriend's house. **Situation:** About a month ago, we (Myself, My gf, Gf's mom and what I thought was going to be her bf) agreed to go to a vacation spot for a couple days. About a week ago, my gf told me that her mom just told her that the man she will be taking is not her boyfriend. Apparently they met at work and decided to go on this trip with us. My gf told me about this because she wanted to assure me that just because her mom is doing this, does not mean that she is like her mom. To be fair, I would not have drawn that conclusion anyways. **My Thought Process:** I find it distateful that the first time I am meeting the mom is when she is in the middle of cheating on her boyfriend. I also know that if I was the mom's bf, I would want someone to tell me about how I am with a cheater (I'd much rather use another word to describe a cheater but I won't). My gut instinct tells me to take the moral highground and make the mom feel shitty about what she is doing. But at the same time, she is important to my gf, and my gf is important to me; the last thing I want to do is be the strain in her relationship with her mother. I just know that this will eat me up inside if I see the mom with her clueless bf on Thanksgiving, Xmas, etc. **Conclusion & Final Remarks:** I am very reluctantly going to try my best to play nice with the mother and her fuckboy. I'll be fair, I know little about the condition of her relationship with her bf...I hope to God that she has a damn good reason for being shitty to her bf. This post is all assuming that he is a good fellow. Please put me in my place if you feel you can. AITA? **"
1639,"AITA for telling my roommate to put storage somewhere else? My husband and I rent a room from a 60 year old woman with a hoarding problem. That problem has led to her using the closet in the rented room room (our room) for overflow of her stuff. She recently approached me asking, ""is the closet in that room clean? The air conditioners need to be stored there"". I replied with, ""*Our* closet isn't clean right now"". The conversation ended there because she had to leave for work but I'm sure it'll get brought up again when it finally cools down here. I feel that it was ok to store things in there before we moved in but we pay for that room and the closet that goes with it. **Keep in mind:** She has 3 air conditioners. We are using one. When we moved in, they were on the floor in the middle of the living room (again, she's a hoarder). When she told me I could use one, I got it from the living room. As far as I can tell, they've been stored in the living room for some time."
1640,"AITA for not wanting to go on the same holiday as my boyfriend? My boyfriend and I are trying to plan a holiday for in a few months time. We're a little constrained by the time we can go, and by our budget. There's a place up the coast that would be ideal, and I do think it'd be a nice trip. However, he's been there once already with a friend of his, and is back up there now. He's said he wants to do the same trip he's just down twice, but with me instead of his friend (road-trip up there, stay in literally the same room, etc.) From my point of view, it won't feel like the holiday is about us going on an adventure together. It will feel like he's showing me a place he's already explored. It doesn't help that this friend and I don't get along too well, something that has caused issues in the past, but has been getting better (due to effort on my part). Tonight my boyfriend told me he wanted to book the same room they're in now (which is the same one they stayed in last time too), as it's apparently very nice and a good deal. That feels really odd to me, like I'll be staying in their place, rather than our own. I know from his side of things, he just thinks it's a really great place, and he'd like to show me. He said last time when they were roadtripping up he thought that it's something he'd really like to do with me. He's said he doesn't understand why I feel odd about it, and tonight got frustrated when I said I didn't want him to book the same room again. I know the obvious solution here is to go somewhere else. But aside from this issue this destination is ideal, it's relatively local and has activities we'd really like to do. Ideally for me we'd go to this place, stay somewhere different and do new things together, which I thought we were on the same page on. Am I being too particular and difficult about this? Or do my feelings make sense to anyone else? TL;DR: AITA for not wanting to go on the exact same holiday my boyfriend has been on twice already with his friend?"
1641,"AITA for not telling my straight roommate, who sometimes walks around the apartment naked, that I'm gay? I struggled with writing this. I'm in the closet to everyone so throwaway account for obvious reasons. My roommate is a straight man, let's call him Tom. We share a two bedroom and have been friends for like a year. Anyway, he will sometimes walk around the apartment naked in the shared living areas (living room, kitchen, etc.). I will just say real quick that he has a great body all around. He doesn't know I'm gay and I believe he likely wouldn't be doing this if he knew I was. I have to say, I have never had this problem with a roommate before, EVER! And I would never walk around naked outside of my bedroom so I find the behavior very bizarre. Let me give an example of what he does. The other day I was watching football, he was in the shower. He got out and crossed through the living room, between the couch where I'm sitting and the tv to get to the kitchen to have a drink. I obviously saw everything. He then stood in the living room and watched the end of the game before going to his room to get dressed (the game was almost over). I try really hard to avert my eyes in these scenarios. If there wasn't a game on I probably would have just left the room and came back when he was dressed. In order to be completely honest, while I do avert my eyes most of the time, there have been a couple of times when I've looked. (I'm a weak man). I've confronted him about this and told him I'm uncomfortable with his nudity and asked that he stop. He has one of those douchebag-y personalities where if he knows something bothers you he just does it more, for lolz, so that backfired on me. He's really liberal and has a gay brother so I don't think he'd be homophobic if I came out but with his personality in mind I know that if I told him I'm gay and not to tell anyone he would tell everyone and laugh off my dismay. So this is my dilemma. Some days I wake up and think I'm a huge asshole and a creep for not being upfront about my sexuality with this guy. He would never show his body off like that if he knew and I do get turned on by his behavior as much as I try to avoid it. On other days I think what right does he have to know I'm gay. My sexuality is my business, I haven't come out to anyone and I sure as hell don't want to come out to him. I've already told him to stop and he won't so it's not my fault. I should just sit back and enjoy the show. Am I the asshole for not telling my straight roommate that I'm gay?"
1642,"AITA for not wanting to go to my Grandma's 80th Birthday party So my siblings and I got a text from our Dad telling us about our Grandma's 80th birthday party this weekend. My aunt (the one hosting it) and her 3 kids all have my siblings and I's phone numbers and social media accounts etc. so I don't understand why we had to get the half ass invite from our practically estranged father. He lives 4 states away and we are not even on good terms with him. We live in the same city as our Aunt and cousins however. Do they just not want us there? It would be easy to invite us. I don't expect my Grandma to invite people to her own party so I don't blame her. But she hasn't been very close with us either. And she effectively has made zero effort to be in any of our lives. i suppose we haven't really either so i don't know how to approach this. Tl;dr Received half ass invite to a birthday party and don't feel like going since I wasn't personally invited by the party host (though I'm sure they would be ok with us coming if we ask). Edit: changed the last sentence from 'im sure they would like us to be there' to what it is now, to be more accurate. Also would like to add that us not going to the party at my aunt's doesn't mean we wouldn't congratulate her and wish her a happy birthday by seeing her at her house earlier in the day or at a different time. I don't think not going to a party uninvited is necessarily 'punishing' my grandma as some have opined."
1643,"[WIBTA] Would I be the asshole if I call the cops and got my cheating wife arrested? My wife cheated on me with a string of dudes while I lived out of town working a construction project to help pay her way through college, among other things. Now that she has graduated, I find out she has changed the locks and wants a divorce. Since she already broke all trust in our relationship, would I be the asshole if I called the cops and told them one of these guys is selling drugs out of her house, which he is? She'll probably get arrested and jailed, but I want to move back into the home I hold half the mortgage on (but have realistically paid 90% of), and don't think I'd be able to win free access to it if the drug issue never came to light. (No, none of this has ever happened to me in real life.)"
1644,"[WIBTA] Would I be the asshole if I cut my Dad off of Netflix? About four of five years ago, my father retired to another state and was trying to cut back on bills and live within a fixed income. I suggest he try Netflix instead of cable, and gave him my password and blessing to set up his own profile and use my account. (I actually checked with Netflix, [and they allow this]( http://fortune.com/2017/07/11/netflix-hulu-password-sharing/), even with users who don't share a household.) He's been happily using my account ever since. A few days ago, he called me to tell me how much a huge pain in the ass passwords and logins have become in his life and started rattling off current passwords he's using to describe how much he's had to complicate them to satisfy password rules. Eventually I realize that somewhere between a quarter to a half of all the passwords he uses are exactly the same as or are based on my Netflix password! He's even registered himself for some sites with a username I like to use and combined it with my password!! I'm really pissed about this because while neither of us is a security expert, we both know it's a bad idea to use the same password on multiple sites. I have broken this rule myself whenever possible, but I think that's my risk to take on my own account. Him using my password makes me wonder how many crazy virus heavy places he's been on the web and how many unidentified e-mail attachments he has opened and been oblivious to. But I don't want to upset my dad, and I only calmly say, ""Gee I never imagined that me giving you a password for TV would result in that password being used all over the web for stuff that I don't know is secure. What if you get a virus with a keylogger, and it notes password combinations, and tries them with all the e-mails in your address book?? I don't think that's really likely, but why make me take the risk?"" He said he basically forgot whose information was whose, and got in the habit of using it as a base for new passwords. ""It's no big deal."" I let it drop and we talked about other topics. Eventually, the topic of unanticipated risks and consequences re-emerged and I made a wry comment about how giving out my password had unintended consequences, and he said I am crazy and paranoid to think I will ever be hacked because of his use. I really don't want to upset him, so I let it drop. It is worrying me, though. So today I reset all my passwords that relate to that root password, and changed my netflix password. Would I be an asshole if I changed my Netflix password and told him to get his own account, if he still wants one (which he does)? **TL;DR** - My dad was trusted with some of my login info and has absent-mindedly used it for his own accounts"
1645,"AITA for disliking a girl who took debate, yet hates speaking? There's a girl on the debate team-, and in my class, we'll call her Sarah, that hates talking in general, usually being an introvert that prefers reading. She refuses to speak or do her speeches, and just gets a free pass to basically skip class and get a free 100%. Am I an asshole for being angry at her, as well as the sympathy she's given? Edit: To add, she doesn't come to any meets except to watch, and she's literally just taking up space on the team. Edit 3: Since people have made me think about it (which is the purpose of this sub), I've decided the person really at fault here is probably our debate coach, who has obviously noticed Sarah's out-of-place behavior, yet hasn't done anything to help the situation. Still think it's strange that debate is the place to go tho TL;DR comment section: TIL I'm a narcissistic asshole. Thanks for the feedback, Reddit. Requesting a lock on this thread since at the 24 hour mark since I have my answer. LAST"
1646,"AITA for denying a girl who wanted to go on a date with me after i saw she was taller than me? a little back story, just started uni, a friend of mine's roommate added me on snapchat and we were chatting back and forth for a few days, and we had then eventually made plans to go out to eat. Well, I ran into her on campus and saw she was taller than me. I'm already 6' so she was probably like 6'2. She was cute and all, but something about a taller girl just isn't attractive to me. I then proceeded to cancel plans saying I had a big test (which wasn't a lie) and I had to study for it. I've been trying to respectfully ease my way out of the situation and I think she got the hint, we are still friends though. AITA? And why are so many people on my ass about not finding tall girls attractive as apposed to a shorter girl. There's nothing wrong with tall girls, I just don't prefer them. final edit: A lot of you have great points, and Ii think there is truth to almost all of your responses. I agree i made a dick move by cancelling plans, I agree I made a dick move by cancelling plans over a girls height, of all things. I agree. I was a dick in this situation. Thank you all for your kind, and not so kind responses. I clearly see how I was the asshole, and in the future I will think twice about my actions. Thanks for reading!"
1647,"AITA for annoying my neighbor? I recently moved for my career and I work 70 hours a week. Because of this, I've had to give up a lot of free time and most of my hobbies. But the one thing I'm clinging to is playing guitar. I can only play once or twice a week anymore, and I only ever play at very reasonable times (before 9PM) and at very reasonable volumes (if you're in the next room over, you can probably hear me but you can also easily watch TV or hold a conversation). My neighbor is home 24/7/365. Her two yappy dogs don't seem to bother her (frankly, they don't bother me much, because it seems the wall in between us is decently thick). But any time I play guitar, she pounds incessantly on the wall to get me to stop. I selected this apartment (and am paying extra rent) to have a spare room to play music in. Since that room shares a wall with the neighbor, I have now completely sacrificed that room and retreated all my music into my bedroom (does not share a wall, has an entire other room between it and the neighbor's place). I've tried turning down so quietly that I can hardly hear myself. I've tried only playing acoustic. I've stopped playing after 8. Then I stopped playing after 7. No matter what I do to mitigate, I can't do the one thing in this world that brings me joy without my neighbor pounding on the wall and putting me in a pissy mood. I'm pretty sure she has a baby, which makes me wonder... Am I the asshole? Is parenthood a struggle that I don't understand, and I'm just being insensitive? Or can I be mad that this stranger's decision to reproduce is ruining the only thing I care about?"
1648,"AITA for getting angry at my friends I've just started college this fall, and I got a new job, so it can be pretty difficult making plans with my friends, just because of everybody's schedules. Anyway, there is this event scheduled for the upcoming Saturday night, and my friend Jenna asks me and our friend Alex if we were planning on going to it. We both said we hadn't though much about it and we weren't very sure. Jenna said she kinda wanted to go, so Alex and I said we would too. Also on Saturday, Jenna was going on a bit of a road trip out of town for the day. Alex was going, as well as a few other people. I wasn't invited, which made me kind of sad, but I had to work anyway. I'm pretty sure Jenna knew I had to work, so that could've been why I wasn't invited. Either way, I'm not mad at her for that at all. So it was Saturday, and I hadn't heard from them all day. I get off work Saturday evening, and I text them asking if they want a ride to the thing that night. Alex replies, and lets me know that they are still out of town, but that they plan on being back for the thing, they would just be a little late. I'm kinda angry, but I don't say anything. I wait a couple hours, and about fifteen minutes before the even, I ask if they got back yet. Alex says they did and he is headed to the even soon. Jenna responds but she basically just says something to the effect of ""I'm at home."" I ask if Jenna still wants to hang out, and she never answers my question, just says she's at home. Alex ends up going to the event while I'm still texting them, and he tells me it's pretty dumb and that I wouldn't like it. Eventually, Jenna stops responding. She apologizes the next day, but it's a pretty half-assed apology. I'm pretty angry with Jenna, so I don't talk to her the next few days. Eventually, I do let her know my side of the story, and explain why this made me so upset. She ends up getting really angry at me, saying it was unfair of me to get mad at her for that. It's been a couple weeks since then, and things are fairly alright now. I'm not sure which one of us, if either, is the asshole here? She said that she was very tired after her road trip, and she didn't think the plans we had were concrete, but I was still really upset about the way I handled it. Was I right to be angry?"
1649,"AITA for asking a guy to move his truck that was blocking the street? I live on a narrow, one way street with parking on both sides. Today, I was in the car with my wife and newborn son, and there was large pickup truck blocking our street. The truck belonged to a plumbing company, judging by the decals and advertisements on the truck. The truck was parked about 3 feet from the curb on the right side of this one-way street (in front of a handicapped spot, no less!). There was plenty of parking on both sides of the street where his truck could have fit comfortably. Had he actually pulled into the spot that he was in front of, he would have left plenty of room for me to get past him. I had no idea where the guy who belonged with the truck was, as the street I live on is all row homes. He could have been in any one of 20 houses. I beeped the horn a couple of times, and after about 30 seconds (not long, I'll grant you), I called the number on the back of the truck. I told the dude that I was on XYz Street, and there was a truck with this phone number on it blocking the street. I don't think i was rude about it, just matter-of-fact, but its really hard to judge your own tone by memory. My wife says that I was calm and collected, for what that is worth. The guy who answers was the guy who belonged to the truck, and he gets really heated when he realized that I'm calling from outside. He comes out from the house and he is really pissed off and aggressive. He starts in my saying that I don't own the street, and I don't have the right to ask people to move. (""Who are you, the fucking Mayor??) I point out that he is the entitled one, since he is blocking the street when there is tons of parking spaces on both sides. (""You can't block the steet, man!"") I told him that if he just moved closer to the curb by three feet, he wouldn't be blocking the road anymore, and this whole unpleasant scene wouldn't have happened. He told me that he *intentionally parked blocking the street so people couldn't pass and 'sideswipe his truck'.* I'm not even kidding. So we're clear: He thought that he was justified in blocking the entire street, because he was afraid that if he parked on the side of the narrow street like the rest of us, someone would scratch his enormous, shiny truck. (For the record, plenty of big trucks park on our street, and people manage to not smash into them.) He also added in plenty of aggressive posturing. Whenever I would respond to him he'd start his next sentence with ""What did you say to me?"" in that charming tough-guy way. I'm in the car with my wife and my wife and my 8 week old child, and"
1650,"AITA for following my friends ""girlfriend"" on Instagram? My friend and his girlfriend have dated for 2 years. They've been arguing a lot recently and according to him, she's acting like a crazy bitch. I have only talked to her a few times before and it was brief. I also have my own girlfriend which is clear to everybody. Her name came up on my suggested follower list. I clicked on ger profile and followed her. Now hear me out. I have no interest in her. I haven't heard from both of their issues in a few weeks and I assume all is somewhat well now. I follow everybody that I even mildly know. It's no big deal for me. To me getting mad over following somebody is high school bullshit, but my friend texted me today calling me a fag and told me to fuck off."
1651,"AITA for not letting my boyfriend use my gym card? We both go to a 24 hr gym. Today I wasn’t feeling it so he goes alone. Ten minutes later he opens the door to ask if he can use *my* card to get in since his isn’t working. In the contract it makes it extremely clear that you’re the only one that can use the card and if they catch you you’re kicked out of the gym. I signed a year deal so they would keep charging me, even if I couldn’t go there anymore. I know they probably wouldn’t catch me but I didn’t want to risk it. I straight up wasn’t comfortable with the idea. “Are you fucking serious?”, was his response. So... am I being an asshole since the likelihood of getting caught was pretty slim??"
1652,"AITA for thinking that, unless otherwise stated, you should assume plans are still on and not make other plans Back in August, my friend offered to treat me to a pedicure to make up for missing my birthday dinner (she said she might be able to make it, but then didn't respond to my text asking if she was coming until around a week after the dinner—wasn't mad or anything, she never said for sure she would come, but just for context.) So the day before we had plans back in August, she got called into work and had to cancel. Obviously not really her fault, so again, I'm not mad. It's just one of those things. So then this Sunday she texted me to reschedule our pedicure plans. We set the date and time for Saturday (today) at 12 and agreed to meet at the salon. Yesterday I went to text her to make sure we were still on and realized that I'd somehow missed a text she'd sent me on Thursday asking if we were on for Saturday. I texted back yes and confirmed that 12 was still good for her, no response. Now this morning she's texted me to say that since she didn't hear back immediately, she went and made other plans. I cleared my whole day for this, told my boyfriend to go make plans with his friends, so I find it kind of rude that she would make other plans. Am I wrong for thinking that unless someone says your plans are off, you should assume they're still on and not make other plans? Or is it customary to assume plans are cancelled if you don't reconfirm two days ahead of time. I'm just trying to figure out the best way to proceed from here, so I would appreciate any advice on what the best way to respond is."
1653,"AITA for being unapologetic about “bullying” a girl 4 years ago? PLEASE READ FIRST There was a girl in my middle school who I put a sticky note on saying “hi” over her back. Turns out she recently had surgery for her scoliosis and the pain made her cry for about 10 minutes. I swear I apologized like 50 times because I didn’t realize what I did, and to this day I still keep apologizing to her. Now I found out from a mutual friend that she still talks shit about me to other people and tells them I slapped her on the back. Im 6’1 and 180 lbs so if I slapped her on the back it would’ve done a lot more than just make her cry a bit, and despite my apologies she’s still telling people that I was an asshole bully and still am to this day. Over something that happened almost 5 years ago."
1654,"AITA for driving with a funeral procession? This happened around 2012, but it was brought up today at dinner while eating with my parents. When I was in college, I would go home and visit as students do. Whenever I would drive back I would normally have to stop about an hour or so before I arrived to get gas, as the last hour stretch was very windy and there weren't any gas stations along the way. I always stopped at the same gas station. On this instance, I did my normal routine. Started pumping gas, went in to use the bathroom and grab a drink. When I pulled in, there was normal traffic with nothing out of the ordinary. I finished gassing up, got in my truck, and went to pull out. As I'm pulling up to turn onto the road I need to, there's was this long ass line of car, all in the right lane of a 2 lane road (4 lane? 2 lanes going each direction). I'm talking probably around 80-100 cars. I didn't see any cops and had no clue what was going on. So, once there was a little break, I pulled out into the left lane and just started driving, not really paying attention to anybody in the right lane. I did, however, notice that there were about a dozen cars pulled into the shoulder of the traffic going in the opposite direction. On this stretch, there were 3 stop ~~signs~~ lights I had to get through before I hit the highway again, all of the lights were working as normal. I hit a red light at the second light and stopped. The line, however, kept going. I waited until the light turned green and then kept driving. I very quickly learned that there was a cemetery immediately after the 3rd light, where all of the cars were turning into. After I passed the cemetery I was quickly pulled over by a cop who was parked at the entrance and given a strong talking to and basically told not to come back to that town. So, am I an asshole for not stopping? TL;DR: Unknowingly pulled out and then drove alongside a funeral procession in another lane."
1655,"AITA for being upset at my SO for giving an opinion on something I made? I enjoy sewing, unfortunately my sewing machine shit the bed and I’ve had to resort to hand sewing. I recently made a blouse, which I’d been working so hard on and felt a lot of pride in since I’d made it all by hand. I was going to wear it to go buy groceries and my SO asked me if I was really going to wear it. When I said yes, he told me it looked weird. I asked him weird how, and he said the stitching looked obviously hand sewn. I got upset because literally last night, when I finished it, I wore it and asked him how it was and he said it was fine, but this morning he gave me his real (unasked) opinion and my confidence has been shot down. When I told him I was upset he said he couldn’t believe me, that giving his opinion was a normal thing, etc. Am I wrong for being upset with him?"
1656,AITA for thinking my brother shouldn't be a Mexican for Halloween? He decided to be a stereotypical Mexican for Halloween. He's 12. My mother for some unknown idea thinks this is great. My sister and I think this is horrible and not appropriate. We're white living in a middle class neighborhood in the Midwest.
1657,"AITA for telling my dad not clean up my car? Hi all, for reference, my dad likes his space to be clean, and if I make a space dirty, it is my job to clean it up. At one of my high school debate tournaments yesterday, my team and I were working in between our rounds and there was mess on the table. We always leave our space clean after tournaments, but our priority was working. My dad sat down at our table and started saying stuff like ""guys, you need to clean up you can't have this mess otherwise your laptops will get ditry."" He started to make everyone clean up while we wanted to work to improve our debate files. Last night my car wasn't working, and I had a thing to be at, so he allowed me to take his car to it. I left it as I had gotten it. In the morning, before I woke up, he got my car checked out by triple A and drive around a little bit. This was very nice of him. He felt the need to clean up my car. When I woke up, he told me, and I thanked him for taking care of it, but I told him that I didn't like that he cleaned my car. I told him that because his car and his house were his space, it was his right to enforce his rules on cleanliness, but at debate tournaments and in my car, it isn't. He is now mad at me and I'm not sure if it is my fault. Am I the asshole?"
1658,"AITA for avoid someone I know from college? He keep rang me when I was at work, activities, and was on vacation. He is really persistent and keep ringing me. every single day. Well, almost. I started to regret for gave him my number few months ago. We aren’t exactly proper friends. Because we don’t have something in common. Not close. Just someone I know from college. I had to disables FaceTime so he won’t ring me again."
1659,"AITA for throwing out someone else’s rotten food? So I am living in a house with other college students and I noticed some moldy cheese on one shelf so I sent to the groupchat saying someone (including what shelf) had moldy food in the fridge. 2 days later, nothing has been done about it and opening the fridge is releasing a horrible smell into the kitchen. This weekend was a 4 day weekend and most of the people in the house were traveling except me and a few others. I confirmed with them that it wasn’t theres, and once again brought it up in the groupchat and no one said it was theres. With 4 days of this ahead, I decided to take it to the outside dumpster and get rid of it. Later on I discover that the scent is still there and so I investigate the shelf to find raw meat that had expired a month ago. I immediately disposed of that, and the scent is gone (besides the lingering scent). I said nothing about this meat, figuring whoever’s it was would not want to confess to something like that. The weekend is now ending and the girl steps forward in the groupchat to call me out for touching someone else’s stuff, saying I had no right to throw out someone else’s food and that I should have talked to her about it (even though I didn’t know who it was and had brought it up to the group). Now, whether or not you should have moldy food in a group fridge is an asshole move is obvious, but should I have just waited the 4 days and brought it up again after? Did I do a bad?"
1660,"AITA for getting mad at my now-ex for lying All my life I've dealt with relationships in which the other person has been depressed. So when a couple nights ago I see cuts on my girlfriends arm in a snapchat she sent me, I asked them what they were, she said it was ""nothing"" and that they were a ""day old"". I was in a good mood so I just kinda assumed it was from something else. The next day she tells me that they were actually self inflicted. I got mad at her for lying to me. She told me she was uncomfortable telling me even though I told her to tell me whenever she got depressed or whatever. I would constantly ask if she was OK and she would always say yeah I'm fine. The one time I intervened and tried to help, she got really angry with me and told her to leave her alone (which was a while ago) . So, respecting her decisions to ""leave her alone"" and ""let her deal with things herself"", I didn't intervene anymore. Then when this happened and I got mad at her for lying, she told me I should've noticed and helper her sooner. Then proceeded to tell me that she didn't want help. I think her logic is completely wrong and I broke up with her after that. I've dealt with lies before and I don't want to deal with it again. Am I the asshole for getting mad at her? Or am I being insensitive?"
1661,"AITA for interrupting a restroom business call? This happened last semester, but it's bugged me a bit ever since. I was at my college campus library to study a bit between classes. On this particular day, I was in the lobby area which usually is nice and quiet, but there was some sort of event being hosted and there was a reasonable amount of noise happening. Not enough to distract me with headphones on, but enough that you'd have trouble if you were trying to have a conversation. Eventually, I feel a brewing in my stomach. I have Crohn's disease, an intestinal issue which, important to this story, sometimes means I really can't ""hold it"" for more than a couple minutes. I go to what I believe is the only men's restroom on that floor to take care of business. When I arrive, the door creaks as it opens, and I see a man in a suit talking on the phone. He puts his finger to his lips in a ""shush"" motion at me and continues talking. Seems weird to me, but on the other hand, it was loud enough in the lobby that he might not have been able to hear. I shrug and take the furthest stall away from him to hopefully mitigate any...background noise. Time passes, probably 8-10 minutes, and I've finished up, but the guy is still talking on the phone. I hesitate to leave, because I know from experience these toilets are incredibly loud. I've experienced a lot of flushing in my day, and these are possibly the loudest toilets I know of. The guy is still on the phone, talking through what sounds like an important business discussion of some kind. I decide to pull out my phone and study there until his call ends or he leaves. However, I soon notice a full 20 minutes have passed, and my next class is fast approaching. I'm now stuck with a dilemma - flush and interrupt that guy's call, or leave a mess for whatever unlucky sap has to use that stall next. With time running out, I opt for the former. As expected, the flush is loud, seemingly louder than ever before. I can hear sounds of frustration from the guy on the phone. As I wash my hands, the guy is giving me a death glare while still talking, explaining the noise to the other person on the line. On my way out I try to mouth out ""sorry"" to him, but he keeps staring daggers at me. I have no idea if he was a student, teacher, unrelated employee, or what. I never saw him again after that day. Should I have just left without flushing, possibly returning after class to amend that? Should I have tried to warn him I needed to flush and that he might want to step out? Setting aside ways I could've alternately handled it... was I the asshole?"
1662,"AITA for doing it via text? So I went on three dates with a guy, we weren’t in an official relationship or anything we hadn’t even kissed. I got along with him really well but just decided I didn’t ‘fancy’ him. He was texting me about how on our next date we should have ‘cuddles’ etc so then I decided it was a good time to tell him that I actually didn’t want to continue dating but would love to still see him as a friend. He seemed really upset, which I was surprised at seeing as we had only seen each other 3 times and I said to him if he wants to meet up in person to talk about it that I would 100% be willing but he declined. But when I apologised he said he was actually glad I told him now rather than wait. I felt slightly guilty about texting him this instead of face to face, but I don’t drive so he would have had to pick me up, just for me to tell him and then he would have to drive me home after which would just have been inconvenient and awkward for both of us. The other day I told my friend about it and she made me feel really bad about it. She said I was horrible for texting him instead of telling him face to face. That I’m ‘usually such a nice girl’ and she couldn’t believe how disrespectful I had been. She went on for at least 15 minutes to the point where I felt like crying. I now feel extremely guilty. Am I an asshole?"
1663,"AITA to be upset about text AITA to be upset that my 13-year-old daughter’s father texted me a picture of his wife wearing my daughters bathing suit top to show me that it is too sexy for my daughter to be wearing? His wife has had three babies so her body (and chest!) reflects that and they are obviously not the same size at all. She wore it lower than the suit is supposed to worn and it was several sizes too small. For reference it was a tankini style top with some crochet work at the top, not like a bikini or anything. AM I wrong to find that creepy and weird? Is this something you can totally see doing??"
1664,"AITA for killing the vibe? I'm a bartender at a new ""trendy"" bar in my area. We have 3 separate bars inside. I was working a smaller bar in the back of the restaurant by myself. It was slow for a Friday, but Halloween weekend isn't a big party night in this town. Anyway, a group of girls came up to my bar and it turns out that I used to be coworkers with one of them. After some catching up and chit-chat I let her get back to socializing while I take care of other guests. A moderately drunk guy works his way into conversation with the group of girls, and he's especially interested in my old coworker. I actually pointed this out to one of the other bartenders because it was pretty impressive. It's not easy for a random guy to talk his way into a group of women out for drinks and not come off as creepy, so good on him. Few hours go by, drinks are flowing, the guy and my old coworker are getting a little more flirty. He says he wants to buy her a drink. I overhear this conversation but don't act on engaging in it until they've decided what she wants. Vodka and club with a twist is her choice. The guy looks at me and says ""Hey, dickhead, vodka and club"" This is when things go south and the whole vibe changed. I call him out on it. Ask him who exactly he thinks he's talking to. He stumbles over his words trying to explain himself. The best he can come up with is ""I wasn't talking to you"" I'm the only bartender at the bar they're at. I've been serving them drinks all night. He was talking to me. I pour a vodka and club, give it to the girl and tell her it's on me. My old coworker tells the guy that he was doing so well all night and he just ruined it by being an asshole to me. The guy left soon after. The group of girls left a few minutes after him. Am I the asshole for reacting to being called a dickhead and taking the air out of their fun or is he the asshole for calling me a dickhead for no reason?"
1665,"AITA for wanting to perform to a song my friend introduced to me? My friend and I do little aerial performances and like to talk with each other about current and future plans for them. Among that, we will discuss songs to perform to. Personally, I am very particular when it comes to music and especially so when I want to choreograph something to it. One night, she sent me a whole list about songs that she was considering. Now, we are currently only doing performances twice a year, so it would take quite a bit to get through her list. I decided to listen to some of the songs on her list that I hadn’t heard before and found one I really liked and fit my personal aesthetic. I ended up choreographing something for it and plan to showcase it next year. Instead of the one that I found myself drawn to, my friend has decided to work with another song, but when I mention anything me working with that certain song, she gets rather defensive about it. As well, the song doesn’t particularly suit the way she performs, if that makes any difference."
1666,"AITA for not socializing with coworkers outside of work? I live in a relatively small town in the US. Culture around here is very friendly and personal. I work in a small business with less than 20 employees. Everyone here is great, I enjoy my job. My boss makes friendly jabs about me not accepting his friend request on Facebook. I also don't socialize with any of my coworkers outside of work in any capacity, on social media nor in-person. I just want to keep my work life and personal life separate as much as I can despite being in a region where everyone is more or less expected to share personal details on a whim. My boss thinks it's weird that I want to make that distinction between work and personal. I am an integral part of the company (what you could consider the ""corporate team"", I suppose), so it makes sense that I should have some sort of ""investment"" in growing the company but I think that my obligation stops when the clock stops. Does that make me an asshole? **edit**: I should clarify- I'm not on bad terms with anyone. I'm actually very friendly with all of my coworkers. I just make a very clear distinction between what is work and what is personal."
1667,"AITA for asking my boyfriend to hang out a lot He says that I should just treat him like I would my friends and not to ask him to hang out (I explained that I ask my friends to hang out fairly often as well) he said that asking people to come over is rude and that ""etiquette exists for a reason"". He said he feels like he has no alone time because I'm always there and I need to stop asking him to hang out all together and leave it up to him because if I ask him to hang out he's ""obligated"" to say yes. I feel like asking people to hang out is normal and shouldn't just be left to one person in a relationship but if I'm doing somethings wrong I wanna know."
1668,"AITA for breaking up with my girlfriend because she needs closure? Backstory: This girl and I have been really hitting it off this semester. We have had 2 months as friends and a month as a couple. We are young but have matured in order for our relation to keep going forward. When we go out together I feel like she is not there. She keeps conversations to herself and says it’s nothing. She has been telling me she has “deja vu’s” of her ex and it’s getting under my skin. She was in a psychological abusive relation and she calls herself “damaged goods.” She believes she is not good enough for me but she is the only girl I want to be with. Today was got annoyed by her not being able to vibe with me, she was just in her head while I tried to make interesting conversations. I asked what was keeping her from being herself and she said she wanted closure. Closure from her ex, as her and her ex didn’t tie their loose ends. The only way she could do this was in person. I’m my head, I feel like she has some feelings in her and I was not going to get hurt by being in the middle of it. I told her that I needed to let her go so she can truly decide what she wants, and that I’d wait till the end of the semester for her. She treats me real nice and I miss her, I made her cry. As of now I do not know if I dodged a bullet or lost the only person I care about. Thank you, everyone, for your input. I don’t have many people who would genuinely care but you guys made me feel like you did. As of now, we agreed that she will try to tie all her loose ends and by the end of the week, she will have a serious answer. I will post an update on Sunday."
1669,"AITA for deleting a friend from snapchat Hey guys, so here's some backstory About three weeks ago I met a guy who I ended up liking a lot. We seemed to get along great and though he was upfront about not wanting a relationship I thought the possibility for a friendship or FWB situation was still something worth perusing. So I got his phone number and snapchat info and we ended up hooking up the following weekend. Then after we slept together he became very distant. Whenever I'd send him messages over snapchat he'd either respond with one word answers or not at all. I figured I needed to get the hint and stop messaging him cause he just wasn't interested(which I did). However, every 2-3 days he'd send me a snap of something really random whether it was a picture of just him, him petting his dog or him driving in his car. At first I thought maybe I was wrong before and that he actually wanted to keep in touch with me but whenever I'd respond to his messages he'd go back to one word answers. These conversations typically only lasted 5 minutes with about 3-5 messages being exchanged before he would just stop replying. During which he would typical ask when he'd be available to hang out and he would give typical blow off answers. So, like I said before, this has been going on for three weeks and has been really frustrating for me partially cause I do like him but also cause I don't understand his reasons for messaging me. I mean if he doesn't want to hang out again and has no interest in holding a decent conversation with me, why even bother messaging me? Here's where the AITA part of the story kicks in. After putting up with this for three weeks, I decided that even though I still like this guy he's more of a stress on my life instead of a joy and decided to end things myself by deleting his number and snapchat info from my phone. My question is AITA for cutting him out of my life without giving him any warning?"
1670,"AITA for wanting my mother to back away from my damn finances? I've always been responsible with my finances. I grew up fairly poor and struggled my way out of it in early adulthood. I got a stable job, began renting a house in a very nice suburb, and had three cars in my name. Well... Then I got laid off and immediately started looking for work again. I had enough of a cushion to hold me steady for a few months. Or so I thought. I got pneumonia about a month into being unemployed. I had been flippant and hadn't bothered looking into individual insurances, I was positive that what ever job I landed would have a benefits package. Medical bills started adding up quickly and I was in over my head before I knew it. I found a way out of my lease and my parents agreed to let me stay with them until I was back on my feet. I now sleep in their basement on an awful hide-a-bed couch with absolutely zero privacy or personal space. I got a job close to their home and I've been climbing out of my hole for three months now. I sold two vehicles and used the money to pay a good majority of my medical expenses. But in that process, I wound up short on car insurance the first month I lived with them. My mother offered to help me with it and I agreed to pay her back. Two weeks ago, I went to pay my insurance again, only to find that it had been paid. I immediately asked my mom if she was the culprit, expecting it to have been a nice gesture. One that I would thank her for and offer to pay back once again. But this time was different. She absolutely tore into me about how she shouldn't have to be saving my ass when I can't pay my bills. She told me that she's been taking and opening my medical bills and keeping track of what I owe, and paying them. Which is ridiculous to me because I've been making bi-monthly payments on them this entire time unknowingly. She told me that she opened my auto insurance bill and saw that I was a week late, so she took it upon herself to 'save me once again', as she put it. Again, total nonsense since I've asked her to do so little for me and I've been financially independent since I was sixteen. I got my dad involved and at first he sided with me. But all she had to do was shoot him a dirty look and he was all onboard with me being ungrateful and irresponsible. I finally got fed up and told my mother that she needs to get her nose out of my finances and that she was only making matters more confusing and frustrating for me. She countered me by stating that I would have to start paying them rent since I think I'm made of money. There is no"
1671,"AITA for refusing to participate in family events that my mom brings her boyfriend to? And a part 2. Before I get into this, you need to know about my mom. All my life we've had a great relationship. She's always taught me how to live morally and how to succeed. She's a genius and got her PhD at a young age despite having 2 kids, me at 18, and my brother 10 years later. Because of this, she's always pushed me to do my best. Okay, well almost 2 years ago she had an affair. It was right before their (her and my step dad, my brothers real dad) 20 years marriage. She said this guy actually made her feel loved and happy. I'm all for that. However, the one who taught me morals and how cheating specifically was terrible, cheated for months. If she had divorced first, then went for someone else, I'd have no problem because it was no secret they had a rocky relationship. Well i want nothing to do with the guy. I told her that I refuse to go to family events if she brings him and my wife backs me up on it. It's a hard decision because we have 2 small kids that love seeing our family. She knows how i feel about him and what she did to our family and still brings him around. Am i the asshole for that? Second part: my step dad was a wreck for about a year and tried everything he could to repair the relationship. When my mom drained his bank account and told him there's no chance, he got a girlfriend. We don't invite her to family events, but they will come over or we'll all go to trivia at the local sports bar or something. I have no problem with their relationship because she had no part in the divide of our family."
1672,"AITA for telling someone I once considered a friend to never speak to me again? My main concern is a text conversation that I'm currently doubting who was in the wrong. I set this guy up with one of my close friends because I thought he and I were friends, but he decided to go through a religious reformation and dumped her and asked me to no longer cuss or discuss things like sex around him. Since I thought we were friends I agreed. Then we went on break from school, which was extended due to Harvey, and when we came back he said he no longer wants to be associated with me and he never liked me in the first place. Because we're in the same classes which involve us interacting constantly (I'm studying to be an interpreter and he's taking the ASL classes because he enjoys them) I've been having a hard time dealing with the sneers and eye rolling he's been shooting my way. I found out he had been lying about the situation I outline in the first text to student for whom I am the TA, so I decided to confront him to get it to stop. This is what happened. [Here is the conversation ] I just want to know if I'm an idiot for trying and if I'm out of line for how I ended the conversation"
1673,"AITA For thinking if there is a Food Day at work you shouldn't eat if you didn't bring anything? My work is having a Food Day for us, correction they are allowing us to bring in food, they do not participate any other way. I work at a law firm, which has an unwritten strict rule about a caste system. Every time something like this happens the attorneys never bring anything. I have had several responses from them saying things like ""We keep the lights on, we keep this place in business."" And I say ""Well, we do all of the grunt work."" I know if all 100 employees actually brought in food, it would be way too much. But I think you shouldn't partake if you don't participate. They could at least all chip in a couple bucks for a cheese plate or pizza. I know grocery shopping can be a pain but ordering a pizza is effortless."
1674,"AITA for not tolerating my disabled brothers behaviour? The holidays are fastly approaching which will bring up some stress for me. My brother is older than me(30) and on the autism spectrum, he has aspergers and he plays it like a victim card. When he still lived with our parents he was okay- he had a job at least and his manners and behavior was under control. However, in 2011 he moved out on section8 and started spiraling downward to where he is now. He's selfish, incredibly insensitive, never showers or bathes, lies to the point where mom and I can't believe anything he says- even simple things like what he bought at the grocery store, and the two major things I have problems with: he botderline abuses dogs and he uses his autism as an excuse for every. Fucking. Thing. He. Does. He uses autism as an excuse for never bathing or cleaning up after himself. He uses autism as an excuse for when he says something really hurtful. He uses autism as an excuse to never have to apologize. It's his go-to card for when he's caught lying and he will tell literal strangers that he passes on the street he has autism. Anyone he meets has to hear about autism for over an hour. He also puts on a totally new persona when not around family. Talking in a high pitched voice and acting severely mentally challenged. I will never forget the day I caught him doing this once and he went white as a sheet, clammed up and grabbed his friends arm, then promptly stormed off. Without a word or reason. He's also, in my opinion, abusing his dogs. Dogs to him are nothing but a cute arm toy that gets him a lot of attention in public. He also has a weird obsession with dogs being pregnant and every dog he's ever had is always pregnant or has puppies. When the dog is no longer cute and is worn down from constant puppies, he makes an excuse of some sort and gets rid of it. He even put a cocker spaniel down because she had cataracts grow on her eyes. There have been multiple instances in the past of him directly causing one of mine or my moms dogs getting pregnant. When he ""accidently"" let my dog out of my room during her heat cycle and she got knocked up, I didn't allow him to touch or even see the puppies. This pissed him off so much. He has a 2 year old toy poodle right now who has had puppies every single heat cycle. She looks so dull and drained of life. He'll straight up tell you ""they love being pregnant"". Then when the puppies are old enough, sometimes not even so, he just gives them away to anyone willing to take one. My mom is the most selfless, caring person I'll ever know. She does everything for my brother. Drives him to appointments ans activities, takes care of all the social security and finances, so"
1675,AITA for being mad at my dad #
1676,"AITA for calling out people on Twitter via subtweet for being too obsessed about crushes that don't know they exist? I wrote a single tweet about people being obsessed with crushes who don't even know they exist. We're talking average people crushes, not celebrity crushes. This group of girls on my Twitter timeline are always tweeting ""I wish X would notice I exist so I can tell him I love him"" or ""Dear H, you don't know me, but here's a thread of dedication in how much I love you and I'm already planning our wedding"". It's annoying to see tweets like this everyday. And people encourage it. They call me the ""bitter"" one because I'm always saying how being single isn't that bad, and it makes room to learn self-love. I wrote this one tweet because I was past my breaking point of annoyance and couldn't keep quiet about it anymore. The obsession these girls were exhibiting is unhealthy. They're 18+, stop acting like you're 5 and madly in love with some Prince Charming who doesn't know you. It's strange, creepy, and totally unhealthy. I regret writing that tweet because I was pretty much ousted from my group of friends. Loads of people blocked me, some are ignoring me, and someone - I don't know who - created a troll account. People actually believe it's me trying to gain sympathy. I lost so many friends because I was blunt about something that concerned me. Only a couple of real friends are supporting me and agreeing with me."
1677,"AITA for getting frustrated about my friends clingy girlfriend So I had a very close friend. A couple of years ago they got a girlfriend and she has slowly moved all of her stuff into his home (still lives with parents). Of course I have no problem with this as it’s none of my business however not my cup of tea as I believe in having space now and again. So she is with him 24/7 literally, works with him as well... again no problem. However when I ask my friend to do something such as a party with me and our other guy friends or hitting the town she invites herself as well. Can’t exactly just say no as I do not want to cause any arguments. It is just quite annoying, I could understand if it was a big event or something then we would invite couples but just because me and my other friends like to have some guy time. I am maybe being unfair by finding this annoying but it’s really frustrating because the person is so much more fun without her around him all the time. Its really affecting our friendship to the point I can’t even talk to him about it without thinking she will be looking at his phone over his shoulder. Am I the asshole for getting annoyed about this?"
1678,"AITA For making this weird roommate situation? Hey guys so I have a long elaborate terrible roommate situation. Basically when I first moved into an apartment on the Westside, I stayed in the living room of a two bedroom apartment for a around $100 less than it would cost to stay on one side of the two bedrooms. Unfortunately my lease does not allow us to have 6 people on the lease so I got to stay in the living room alone with some traffic from roommates. This makes it feel like a master bedroom. I got a new set of roommates and one of the girls wanted to divide our rent by 3 representing each room including the living room. This would have doubled my rent which I didn’t want to do but I kept it in the back of my mind. Then this girl asked to have a room to herself, I agreed and she agreed to pay double for her room. Unfortunately around this time our rent increased. One day I suggested that I would agree to her idea of making the living room be closer to the price of an official room (but not exactly the same as it is not a real room) and that I could find someone to split it with me. I thought I did but the person turned out to be not so great so they had to leave. I told her that I thought we should go back to the original pricing because I wasn’t so sure if I could find someone to split the living room with. She agreed but started to show signs of being upset. I managed to secure a person with me in the living room and we planned to go to the new price she suggested, only one problem. She wanted the living room to be the exact same price as her room. I objected because we are lacking a real wall and a closet unlike her. But under the pressure I agreed. I tried to explain all of this to my new living roommate in hopes that we could both argue for the living room to be cheaper. He ended up turning on me and sides with her. Now I feel like I really want a room to separate me from them and I feel terrible seeing them as I feel like they are treating me like I was trying to trick her into paying more. I also feel like she subtly tries to convince them that I am not a good person even though I got all of them into the apartment based upon the trust our leasing office had in me. But sometimes I wonder if this even matters because it does benefit me (ie. I didn’t have to leave LA.) None of us “own” the apartment, we basically renewed a really old lease. I feel bad about how things turned out but I also feel like the situation is very grey. I feel really sick being around her because it feels like she"
1679,"AITA for not being okay with gf staying at a guy's place and them going to a club? Okay, I've never been in this situation. My gf is currently in the US while I'm overseas. She has a one day layover at SF. And she told me last week she'll be staying with her friend. At first I thought maybe it's a girl. But I distinctly remember an unrelated story about having a friend in SF and that he's a guy. Didn't think to ask at the time. Turns out, yeah. Was a guy. When she arrived she wanted to check in with me if I was comfortable with them sleeping in the same room. She did assure me that he'll be sleeping on the floor, separate mattress or something. He actually has another place to stay at, also his place, but she said that it would be easier that way. Courtesy. So he doesn't have to keep driving around, I'm guessing (they had plans to go out to do something tonight, chill or hang). I asked if they had a history or something, I didn't do it with hostility. She only said there was an initial attraction when they first met but nothing now. I was a bit bothered. But she did tell me he had a girlfriend, if that helps. I told her I was off about it. She already asked her friend to stay at his other place. And I feel like I did something wrong. Also, originally, she told me a week before that she had plans to go clubbing with her friend while she was there. Although, she's too tired to go clubbing now. It only hit me today that she was planning on going to a club with a guy friend. Just them it seems. I also told her I didn't know what to feel about that because honestly, I don't. I trust her. She's never lied to me. I'm just bothered I guess by how she thinks there's nothing wrong here. And I feel like this isn't something that's normal in a relationship? I'm confused. I don't wanna come out as exactly what I hate in a relationship, a jealous controlling asshole. Edit: Also, I've never met the guy. And I've never gone clubbing with my gf with just us two, I guess that was one factor why it bothered me? Edit 2: Thanks for everyone's perspectives! This really helped me sort out how I felt about this. And also offered great advice on a better mentality should another awkward situation arise."
1680,"WIBTA if I told my dad my fiancé and I don’t want my brother at our engagement party So my parents want to throw my fiancé and I an engagement party since we recently got engaged. It’ll be at my parents house where I and my brother live. My fiancé and I are a bit worried about my brother being there. So he’s a full on sociopath who hates my fiancé and I. Here’s a few examples. When she started coming around the house he would try to embarrass me or get me in trouble. Down the line he started stealing from us. He’d take our clothes or toothbrushes. We’re also pretty sure he was doing stuff to our toiletries since he’d go in my bathroom for like 10 seconds and then walk out without doing anything. He then started throwing our laundry on the floor for no reason. He would do super petty things like slam the door or stomp around upstairs (his room is right above mine). There’s been times when he didn’t know we were home and he would walk around normally. But when he found out we were in the house or if he knew we’d be home he’d start stomping and slamming doors. A couple more recent things he did was spit in our food. My parents did nothing about it. Then at my moms birthday dinner he just shut down and got all moody. He then ran off and his gf had to chase him down yelling his name. It really killed the night. He even told my dad it was a wasted night. He’s also told my dad some awful stuff. “I’m going to spit on your grave.” Was just one of the things he said to my dad. He’s also done some creepy stuff like take photos we have of our dogs and he steals them and posts them online and says he’s the one who took the dog to the park. Or that he’s the one who took the dog to the beach. He also has a tendency to steal the spotlight due to his extreme narcissism. For example when he found out we got engaged he immediately started bragging about how close he was to buying a house. Even his gf admitted they weren’t even close but just looking. It really stole the spotlight. When he found I was transferring schools and that my fiancé has gotten a nice 9-5 job he went out and bought a car. My parents had plans to go to my fiancé’s college graduation but they had to change them because my brother needed a ride home. So they had to leave early and rushed us around and it again, killed the whole vibe for the day. There’s been numerous other things and issues regarding him that just make him an awful person. He talked his ex gf into getting an abortion because he was embarrassed to have a kid so young. Then he called a baby killer and other awful names at a party in front"
1681,"AITA for going to the club without my boyfriend after his halloween party? My boyfriend threw a costume party Saturday night which was supposed to be a pregame for a club we all agreed we'd go after. It was also the first time I met his friends. I helped him with his costume that afternoon then I went to his house and the party went great. I was getting to know his friends while he mingled so we weren't together all the time. Towards the end people were pretty drunk and eager to leave for the club so they started calling ubers to head there. Throughout all this I kept going back to him like ""X person said they'd be getting their uber now so just so you know"" People started slowly leaving and this is when he starts cleaning up, said he had to leave the house clean before we left. I offered to help clean up and he said no, to just have fun. So I did and honestly it wasn't a big mess either just clearing some cups and some bottles and cans. I did notice he seemed really annoyed and was being very quiet so I kept aksing if he felt ok and he said yes and that he still wanted to leave for the club (he's been having stomach issues). So at the end there's just 4 of us and the uber is about to get here so I go up to him and I tell him ""the uber is about to get here do you want to leave now or you and I can stay, finish cleaning up and get our own uber?"" to which he replies annoyed ""I really don't feel good so you just go, I'm not going"" I felt he was just very annoyed at people including me so I decided to give him space and I said ""okay, I hope you feel better"" and I got in the uber and left. When I got to the club I texted him that i hope he feels better and isn't mad and he basically was very upset that I left instead of staying with him and says he felt very dismissed by me and like I didn't care he felt sick. Am I the asshole for leaving?"
1682,"AITA for ending this friendship? Hi everyone. I recently did something, and my conscience and some of my friends are bothering me about it. I told an ex I wanted to stop seeing her. Now that in itself sounds pretty straightforward, but there are some specific circumstances to this. You could say she's not really my ex, because we were only in a fwb situation for about ten months. I wanted to get serious pretty quickly, but she didn't. We started acting more and more like a couple, and when I asked her about being exclusive, she told me that she already assumed that we were exclusive. Even though she didn't want to call it a relationship. I know. Eventually I told her we could not sleep together anymore as the situation was making me unhappy. When she asked me if we could still be friends, I said yes. I now think that was a big mistake on my part, but that was four years ago. In those four years, we both grew up a bit. She apologised for the way she treated me. We also grew a bit closer, to the point of seeing each other more often than we did other friends. However, my feelings for her stayed, and we were both aware of this. She has been dating some guys off and on the last year, which I found hard. I once told her that it might be a good idea to get a bit more of a healthy distance between us, but I backtracked when she started crying. Eventually, she started getting pretty serious with another guy. I decided that I didn't want to meet him, and that I could not honestly have a normal friendship with this girl as long as I felt this way about her. She had a boyfriend now, so it wasn't like I was leaving her all alone. So I told her that about two months ago. I offered to talk about it if she wants to, but she doesn't. That's fine, it's up to her. I've heard from friends that she's still angry about it. Apparently it's pretty hard on her. Apparently the fact that I did it the moment when she got serious with someone else is also a problem for her and my friends (this one has me stumped, honestly). I don't care about the anger. I don't care that my friends think I'm an asshole. What are they going to do to me? **I'm free.** What I do care about is the fact that I feel like I have abandoned someone very close to me, and I may have hurt her. Am I the asshole? I don't know if I'm presenting all of this in a biased way, one way or the other. I'll check back and answer any questions after I get back from work."
1683,"AITA? For Unfriending on Snapchat? In January of this year I met a guy on Bumble. We met for drinks and went back to his place to smoke. He wanted to hookup, but I didn't, so we just hung out before he took me home. We had plans to sleep together the next weekend, but it didn't happen, because of an issue on his end this time. So we say we'll get together again soon. But he's always sooo busy (we *both* work 60+ hours a week in a face paced professional industry) that we haven't seen each other at all since January. We talked ever so occasionally on Snapchat (when ever *I* hit *him* up) and he'd always promise we'd get together. Made plans one night in October and he broke them. Made plans for the next weekend and when I hit him up what was supposed to be the day of our date at around 5:00pm, he responds that he totally forgot because his dad had a heart attack that morning. I believed that story and asked how his dad was doing and said I wished the best for him. He said he'd talked to me later, I said sure. Didn't hear from him at all for the next few days, so I deleted him on Snap and deleted his contact from my phone. Pretty much just lost fucks about the situation and was never gunna hit him up again, so I figured why have the point of contact? I guess the next week he noticed that I deleted him and very angrily texted me about it. Accused me of thinking he was lying about his dad, blocking him on Snapchat, and being petty. Basically trying to goad me into a big text argument with him. I was straightforward and told him that I didn't think he was lying, but I just didn't care to try anymore. We **never** had a relationship where we talked or texted regularly, so I didn't see the need to make a big production about not wanting to see him again. I was just gunna delete and let it fade to black. But he was angry that I didn't ""deadbolt the door [I] closed."" I talked with a friend about this and she said it was pretty cold because he was probably vulnerable because of his dad, but I really fail to see how that is any of my concern. This seems like his ego being hurt because I lost fucks about chasing him around for dick more than anything. I am 24 and the man in this story is 25. Am I the asshole?"
1684,"AITA For Wiping a Flash Drive? When I was in college, I once found a flash drive on the ground. I took it back to my room and looked inside. The work that was on it was very evidently a major project, and clearly a lot of work had gone into it. I went into one of the documents, got the owner’s information and sent them an email. I got no response. Four weeks later, I found myself without a flash drive. The flash drive I had found was juuust big enough to store the information I needed a drive for, so I deleted all of the previous owner’s material and replaced it with my own stuff. Two weeks after *that,* I got a response to my email. In it, the owner of the flash drive thanked me for finding it, as it was their only backup for their senior thesis, and they would be completely screwed if they lost it. When I told them that I had deleted their work, they were absolutely devastated. I found out later that they didn’t graduate on time, and I can only assume this was a factor in that. TL;DR Found a flash drive, owner didn’t contact me back, cleared it and used it after four weeks, owner contacted me after six weeks."
1685,"AITA For separating our money? So my wife and I have a lot of ""extra"" expenses because of her ex husband (i.e. 20K in lawyer's bills in 1 year, and were not rich). I set up a budget, and she calls me a dictator for making her abide by my rules. I give her the option to set up a budget, and it is never budgeted properly. I suggest separating our money and I'll budget mine, and she'll budget her's. She says no because that's not what married couples do. About 10 months ago her and I got into a major argument about something not related to money, and I went and stayed at my parent's house for a few days to clear my mind. We made up and everything was as kosher as it could be. About a month ago I am going through our finances and discover she has had a hidden bank account since I went to my parents. I understand her ex is a douche and she was doing what she thought she had to do to protect herself when I left, but to keep it hidden for 9 months is unacceptable. It meant she still must feel like I'm going to leave. In response to this I put my money in a separate bank account. I pay for half of the bills, but she has to pay for any above and beyond costs for her children or any legal fees that come up from her ex husband. Am I the Asshole?"
1686,"AITA for blaming my sister for her phone being locked and losing files? So here I am, family tech guru and I’m given my sisters phone who was completely locked out, no clue why, and I’m told to fix it. I tell her nothing I can do and you have to see the manufacturer or our network provider. She begins to get upset (she’s 10 for reference). After my mom and I try to comfort her and try every last thing I can do. After her saying it’s all my fault for the 5th or 6th time, I say “Ok it is your fault for not setting up a sync and getting locked out” and she loses it. Am I the asshole?"
1687,"AITA for ignoring these ""friends"" So people I talk to at school who are pretty nice I thought ask me to go to prom with someone I am kinda friends with because they are out of our high school district (he lives nearby but goes to private) I don't like hanging out with people and am reluctant but they keep pushing and I go with them. Pre prom they talk about all hanging out after prom and like. Prom is kind of fun and I feel like everyone had a good time. So we talk about going to prom dates house (lives in our circular shaped street so nearby) and then one of them is driving with me to the prom dates home for the after party. He calls people already there to make sure they are ready. Phone on loud speaker and they ask ""is OP still with you?"" then after he says yes they talk about dropping me off at home and texting me when everyone is ready. So I change into more casual clothes and wait. I am not getting any texts and I see MY FRIENDS cars all passing my house to go to my prom dates house. So I waited for like an hour and never got the text. I asked them after what was up and they said there was no party but another showed me pictures of them all hanging out completely oblivious to how I was feeling. I was mad then and am still annoyed when I think about it. AITA?"
1688,AITA for trying to figure out Tinder?
1689,"AITA for initiating unwanted (by the other person) communication as a result of misinterpreting unknowingly ambiguous language on their part? History of over twenty years of friendship with this person, many of them rocky largely due to me only recently learning how to hold my ground and respectfully stand up for myself when taking shit I don't deserve. Earlier tonight we'd been trading pleasant, banal texts, mostly about random stuff we'd encountered on the internet. Then she sent me a message saying ""Really fucking angry. Going radio silent now."" I didn't get this text for about a half hour. I didn't then, and don't now, believe that whatever pissed her off had to do with me. I think I have a good idea what may have happened, based on recent escalating frictions with another person in her house. But she has always experienced emotions in a very big way that easily escape the confines of the immediate trigger and splatter out onto anyone or anything else that may be in the splash zone. In over two decades of close friendship, I have never found a best, or even good, way to respond when she lets me know she's upset. Anything I say usually upsets her more and draws the aggro toward me, but silence meant as respectful has several times seen as the cold shoulder, or me not caring or not wanting to deal with her emotions, etc. In the absence of any more detail than what she gave, I made a best guess about how to proceed. I didn't think she was mad at me, which meant I could be a support if she later wanted to talk. I didn't know if my half hour of silence up till that point had been wanted or unwanted or neither. So I sent the following: A half hour after she'd sent hers, I sent ""(<3 no need to respond, just woke up from accidentally dozing off and wanted to say if you want to vent just call me, I'm leaving my phone on loud in case I fall asleep)"" Then a few hours later I could feel myself about to fall asleep and sent this: ""(bedtime for me, therapy in the morning. Sending you love. No need to respond. But don't hesitate to wake me at any hour for just wanting to talk, or anything that might help you feel better. I'm sorry you had to deal with shitty emotional shit on top of feeling like crap physically. I love you.)"" She immediately replied, ""Dude! I said ""radio silence"" because I don't want to talk!"" I put a lot of effort into good communication and considered, ethical behavior. It's high up on my priority list both for myself and the people close to me. Now I realize many terms have different nuance for different people, and if you've only ever heard it used one way, you might not recognize any ambiguity, and proceed accordingly. That's what I did, here, for sure. When I say I'm going radio silent, it means I won't be"
1690,"AITA for calling the cops on my cousin for drinking and driving? At a family dinner, my 22-year-old cousin had about eight drinks over three hours. After dessert, he announced he was leaving and grabbed his car keys. I told him he should stay at my parents' place. He kept insisting he was fine and we fought about it until ultimately my uncle intervened, said that if his son said he was fine then he was fine and pushed me away. When my cousin left, I memorized his license plate number, called the cops, and told them that he was a drunk driver, complete with information about his usual route back to his school. They ended up pulling him over and he didn't pass a sobriety test. He now has a DUI on his record. I was open about calling the cops; it was not an anonymous tip. I thought he was risking his life and the lives of others. My family is furious with me because they think it was a short drive, he wasn't ""that"" drunk (he was twice the legal limit), I'm potentially messing up his life for a dumb mistake (he might get kicked out of his fraternity now in his senior year and his job offer after school is in jeopardy) and most importantly, that family doesn't do that to family. I think family doesn't get to break the law and put others in danger. AITA?"
1691,"AITA for wanting to complain about a screaming child? So I moved into my very large apartment complex a few months ago, and I am fully aware of and fine with the typical noise issues expected in such a building. Overall it's minimal, such as the dog above us scampering around and frequently dropping something hard (assuming a bone) on the hardwood floor. It's annoying, but fine. The issue I have is with a family that has what seems to be a very difficult toddler/ young child. She is constantly screaming. I can't imagine what the family must be dealing with, and I don't know if she has some sort of condition, but it is constant. Now, she isn't my next door neighbor, and actually lives down the hall. Not only is she loud enough to hear down the hall when their door is shut, but her parents let her ""let off steam"" by running and playing in the hallway multiple times a day. Yesterday afternoon (I work from home) her mother was playing catch with her outside my door. Last night, her father was with her and was pushing her on one of those bikes with a long handle, encouraging her when she was shrieking and laughing. Now I applaud them for playing with their daughter, but our hallway echos, A LOT, and while the walls are thick, noise travels through our doors very easily. You could probably play the bagpipes next door to me and I wouldn't hear it, but if you clear your throat in front of my door I would. It sounded like she was in my apartment shrieking. Am I the asshole for being sick of this, and thinking it is incredibly rude of this family to not take her outside to play and instead lets her use the hallway as a playground? Am I the asshole for thinking this child, who appears to be around 3 or 4 should know what an inside voice is? It was in the 70s yesterday and there is a playground around the corner, if they can spend 40 minutes in the hallway, they can take the time to go to a real playground. Is it an asshole move to ask them to stop next time or complain to the building management about this issue? I have a few recordings of the noise (not of the child, just of the sound) in case I need proof of the disturbance. Obviously both parties have the right to enjoy the space they pay for in reasonable comfort. Technically my building does have quiet hours which would excuse the issue I have during the day (frustrating for work, but fine), but I still think there has to be some reasonable difference between being in your private residence and the public shared space. TLDR: AITA for thinking an apartment hallway is not an acceptable playground for a difficult and very vocal child and that I (and other people on my floor) are entitled to living in peace?"
1692,"AITA for being frustrated at a lady at a grocery store? So I work at a grocery store, and a lady comes through my line with some requests to not make the bags too heavy, keep cold items together, etc. It’s kind of annoying but whatever I do it. I finish and she pays and all the bags are still there waiting to be put in the cart. I expect that she is going to load the cart herself, mainly because she isn’t really doing anything until I’m done packing the things, so I expect she will load her own cart. Now, this lady is in her 40s, maybe 60s, but if it was a much older person, or maybe someone in a ride cart thing, I would have packed their cart for them. After she pays, I wait there, and she raises her voice and starts to say “Do you really expect me to...” but I cut her off and start apologizing and packing her cart. For quite a bit after, I was just so mad at her, I never yelled at her or whatever but I got so frustrated, why couldn’t she pack her own cart, is that too much? A bit later I started feeling like I was an asshole, like it is my job to cashier so does that include packing the cart? And maybe she had a long day at work and could use help from a minimum wage worker? So am I the asshole because I’m pretty sure I am at this point. After typing this out it looks so damn petty but I really am curious if I’m the asshole."
1693,"AITA if I keep asking about my commission? I commissioned an artist on Twitter way back at the beginning of May. After paying, I asked her how long it would take for her to do the commission. She directed me to her DA, which I admittedly didn't look at since I don't use DA and commissioned through Twitter. On the DA, it said her commissions may take 2+ months to complete. Fine. I wasn't in any rush. I thanked her for the info and said I was fine waiting. However, I noticed that her ""to do"" list was out of date and did not actually tell you who she was working on, it saying as much and saying that she keeps one on her desktop as it's easier to manage. 2 months later, I messaged her just to ask how things were going and to make sure she hadn't forgotten me. It's a bit unnerving without any sort of list to see how she is progressing. But I see her posting seemingly unrelated art that has nothing to do with her commissions on her twitter. Though she has since closed commissions. At this point, she messages me - she was polite but I get the feeling that she is kind of irritated that I'm bothering her again and she says that she is very organized and ""the chance of forgetting (my) commission is 0"". It's now 6 months later and I have heard nothing from her and she has no indication of how her commissions are coming along anywhere. I really wish that she would at least keep a list somewhere to show her progress, it would do a lot for her customers I think. But she seems to be quite popular with a lot of fans. Her art is quite cute so I'm not surprised. Anyway, I didn't pay that much because I just ordered a couple chibi's. But I really would like to just KNOW, how much time can I expect to wait!? She doesn't seem willing to tell me, though. Am I being an asshole since she clearly said it could take 2+ months? Or is it reasonable for me to want to have some kind of indication of when my commission might be done? I honestly don't mind if it takes a year to get it done but I'd at least like to know where things stand. :( I just want to know if it's rude to keep checking in with her or if I should just leave her alone until she contacts me, basically. (Slightly edited because I wanted to be a bit more clear that she was not rude to me)"
1694,"AITA for getting angry after my driver's ed instructor has gotten angry? The past few weeks I've been struggling on these test drives. I'm a nervous person. After the second session I finally got comfortable with steering, pulling into intersections, and parking. Upon the third session--yesterday--I screwed things up. Going into a new town, I took a straight-ahead road out of nervousness rather than a wide left as my driving instructor told me. We rerouted. I encountered a rotary, a roundabout, but I failed to go all the way around it. The very concept of the road structure, in traffic, made me queasy. I got yelled at for that. I took a hard right out of the roundabout onto a different street. We rerouted again. Finally, after wading through traffic, we got back to school, he told me I needed work, and that was that. This morning, we did some country driving. The curves were harsh, but I managed them. We test-drove the rotary a couple more times, which I failed at. He was exasperated and put down my wheel movement. Fine. Fair. I was shaky today with my process of learning three-point, two-point turns, but I began to grasp it. Fine. Good. At the end of the test drive, I banged a right when he said a left. I was nervous. He yelled at me, insulted my sense of direction. Told me maybe I shouldn't be driving if I can't grasp a a simple command to make a left. Am I the asshole? Should I be more focused on improvement? I feel as though I'm trying my best, but maybe I'm not. Or is this just a shitty teacher? I hope the case is that it's just me being the asshole, because then I know how there is room to improve--that I should stop being so indignant. But on the other hand, I feel as though my instructor isn't talking to me the way a good teacher does. I understand his frustration--driving is very serious business--however, I feel as though he is halting my growth by insulting and yelling at me. Please let me know how you think. I only want to improve."
1695,"AITA For telling my friend to ""check it out""? Last night I was at a pre-game for a party with a few friends. Friend A and I thought it would be funny to tell friend B to ""check it out"" about nothing in particular. We whispered it to him a bunch, and got other random people to tall him to ""check it out"". This continued on and off for a couple of hours. Friend B stopped thinking it was funny after a while, but we kept doing it. Eventually we threw a glass of wine on me."
1696,"AITA for taking seats near the TV I'm at university and there's only 1 TV in the dining hall which also happens to be near all the food. Now, there are a lot of hardcore football fans. I will watch sometimes, but I'm not so much into it anymore. Anyways, I picked a seat near the TV on game day because that also happened to be close to all of the food (I don't want to have to get up each time and walk so much each time). I over heard some football fan say ""dammit this seat is taken,"" pointing to where I was sitting. Am I the asshole? There is no reservation for certain seats being only for certain kinds of people, so I can sit wherever I want."
1697,"WIBTA if I ended a friendship because I didn't like the other people my friend was hanging out with? Recently I have gotten back in touch with one of my friends, and in that time she has made a lot of new friends, though she claims that I'm still her best friend. That being said, she and I don't have as much time together now, since we're both much busier, and I'm well aware that she spends far more time with these friends than me. I've already mentioned to her that, while I don't like most of these friends and don't want to be included in their group, that she is completely free to remain friends with them and I don't want to get in their way whatsoever. Still, she's been trying to make me interact with them instead of just letting it be, in an attempt to make me become friends with her group. Though it seems to me that she has a very close group of friends, she still makes me feel guilty about a fight in the past, and how she couldn't survive without me. Would I be the asshole if I broke off our friendship now, knowing that she'll probably be hurt if I did?"
1698,"WIBTA if I [27M] got my feelings hurt over not being invited (or being specifically not invited) to my SO’s [32F] estranged fathers funeral by my SO? I think I may be but I just don’t know how to let that one go. I want to go if she decides to go because I know it’s gonna be quite difficult and there are going to be many weird people that are technically family that will be wanting to be up in her business. We’ve been together just over three years (as of a month ago) and her estranged dad passed recently of a sudden aneurysm (on my birthday to boot). She’s a rather private person (hence the throwaway) and she hadn’t spoken to the guy in ~6 years or seen him in ~10 years and he left her mom when she was ~12. No one on her dad’s side of the family has been a part of her life at all really since then. My feelings would be hurt if she told me that she wanted to go without me. I know I need to just be here to help her in whatever way she needs, but my gut says that I need to be there to help protect her from people who are unintentionally (or otherwise) making her feel bad for not speaking to him all these years, even though it was probably ~95% his fault. She does not need to be made to feel more guilt than she already does (even though she shouldn’t, but we all feel that way to some degree, I think there’s a term for it, something like Survivors Guilt but for incidents in regular life, not like a car accident). Idk, I’m overthinking this, surely, and as much as I am attracted to and admire the independence and stoic emotionally confidence she shows, I also know how vulnerable she is just under that armor. And I have selfish feelings about wanting to protect her in one of the ways I’m able, emotionally. I don’t know these people and neither does she, but I’ve been to enough funerals to know that it is incredibly difficult to predict how it’s going to make one feel, before, during or after. I just want to be able to be a buffer for her, an excuse if she needs, a getaway driver but she probably won’t decide to tell me if she wants me to come until the day of. TL:DR I’ll let her wait to decide, and I’ll do my best to keep it in because it’s her fathers funeral (kind of a big deal, no matter the relationship) but if she doesn’t want me to come, would I be the asshole if I express that to her after? Or is this some kind of failing in myself, that I feel like I am some kind of protector and that I want her to need me to come with her."
1699,"AITA for not wanting to go through an elaborate greeting with a coworker every morning? A new part-time coworker was just hired on full-time. He's a very professional, by the book kind of guy who's a hard worker. He's a cool dude, very personable, and always shares the food his wife makes. However, every morning, he has to go through an elaborate handshake with me and with every other person in the office. I understood the first day he came in. I kind of understand after the weekend. But he does it every time he comes in the office, sometimes multiple times a day. I guess it's just his way of connecting with people? But I find it unnecessary to do, especially when I'm working or am occupied. I have had a few moments where he stands next to me waiting for the handshake. AITA for wanting to stop? Thanks all!"
1700,"AITA for getting mad when my mom went back on her promise My parents bought me a car a couple years ago (translation I bought it and they had me pay them 500 saying it was part of the cost when it was the full cost) to go through college. I told her that based on the car and the milegage that it would have problems down the road, she assured me not to worry and that they would pay for anything it needed other than gas. Fast foward to now, the turbo is going out, $350ish to get a new one (shes making a lot more than this monthly from the divorce). I tell her this and she tells me that since they (my parents) are seperated now that it'll probably be my one christmas present. I say no thats messed up and compared it to borrowing something from someone and gifting it back. We got in an argument and I admit I got mad and raised my voice but she did too. Am I the asshole for saying shes going back on a promise?."
1701,"AITA for a conference call going off the rails today? I was leading the call with one of my coworkers, J, listening in for training purposes. On the line were two of my clients, D and K. The call began at 11, and it was a webex meeting. For those who aren’t familiar, it was a web based conference call with screen sharing capabilities. I got the meeting room opened up and dialed in. First my coworker dialed in, and then both clients. I shared my screen and asked to make sure everyone could see it and if they were all ready. Everyone said yes except for D. D was having trouble using the online meeting, he is old and not computer savvy. We have used this style of meeting at least ten times over the last eight weeks with little issue. This is a third party product we were using so I did my best to help troubleshoot with him over the phone. We did not have success and he could not see my screen. I told him not to worry, and I did not want to make him struggle with it on the phone and feel embarrassed so I told him I would email him the file we would be reviewing so he can follow along. He agreed. I drafted the email and attached the excel sheet. I let him know that it was quite a large file so it could take a few minutes to be received. I work in the financial industry and the amount of filters and security settings we use is insane and things take a few minutes sometimes. He said he understood. He followed up immediately with a request to carry on the meeting. I tried to stall by giving an overview of the file and the importance of us reviewing it together. I hoped the email would reach him soon. By this time, it is 11:13. The meeting was scheduled to run until 11:30. D interjected and told me that he was tired of waiting. It had been about 3 minutes since I sent the email. He stated that I was causing his “Monday meltdown” and that he had expected to be off of the call by now. He told me that I need to get my shit together and then hung up. The other client on he line, K, apologized and asked me to reschedule the call for later today. Sometimes computer trouble happens, and sometimes (well usually) outlook sucks and it runs slowly. Was his reaction fueled by something I did? I thought I tried to make it better but apparently I just made it worse."
1702,"AITA removing a semi-mutual friend from a shared group chat? Title says it all. In hindsight, childish but I would like closure. Group of friends for about over a year, decided to stay connected, created a shared group chat. No new additions until this event. Several semi-relevant friends not in group chat but are like recurring characters in a sitcom, familiar, see every once in a while. One in particular doesn't sit well with me from several prior bad incidents, has annoyed other friends as well (G). Recently, one of the friends added them (G) to our shared group chat. Chat has history log, several prior events/planning/activities they were not invited to as well as some personal information. I remove G. They get mad. Ask friend who added G why, they said G wanted to join. I do not. Ask friends who have been annoyed by G if they want G to stay. They're indifferent. I still do not want G. Make it clear to G that I am opposed, they have annoyed friends in past, not welcome to group chat, especially history logs. Happy to create new one with G, but not established chat. G asks why AITA, gate-keeping friends if rest are indifferent. Still refuse, G is welcome to create his own. G insults me, proceeds to ask each of the other friends in the chat privately if they do not want G in the chat. They are indifferent. G takes this as personal offense, me lying about having said many were annoyed in the past. I still offer new chat. G accepts. G in new chat renews discussion now with full attention. Frames me as blocking, garners sympathy from friends. I disagree, I do not want G from prior incidents. Fine with two separate chats. G accuses me of being major A-hole, I feel I have a right to my opinion of who can be in group chat even though I am not admin or mod. Friends are indifferent, want drama to end. Too many group chats. Would be satisfied with any answer, can offer more details if needed."
1703,"AITA for trying to encourage a shy student to come out of their shell? I teach biology to a group of primarily 10th graders. One exercise I always start the day off with is asking a few people (not everyone in the class, about 4-5 of them ever day) about their day and generally how they are. I also ask them to compliment someone in the room on something to spread positivity and start the class off on a good mood. There's one student, we'll call him tom. He's at the top of my class and always does well, but I notice he's very shy. In an attempt to try to help him come out of his shell I've been calling on his for this exercise nearly every day. I wanted to make sure nothing was wrong with him and he felt safe in my classroom. He came to me after class a week ago and asked me if I could stop calling on him so much and that it was ""very uncomfortable"" for him. I agreed, but mentioned how I was concerned about his social isolation and how I feel he should be more vocal and social in class. He didn't come to class the next day we had it, and I got a notification that he dropped out of my class. The counselor's office also spoke with me and told me I was making ""certain students' uncomfortable in my class. I don't feel I really did anything wrong here. It's not a big deal and I agreed to stop after he asked me to. AITA?"
1704,AITA for not going to my best-friends funeral I didn’t go because my aunt made plans to help me clear my mind of losing him but the same day we went on our roadtrip was his funeral. i just don’t feel right about the choice i made & want some opinions other than myself racing on about how shitty i am
1705,"AITA for getting a shave against my parents wishes I (M 17) am a high school senior and just got a shave even though my mom is very against it. I have never shaved before and I just broke up with my girlfriend so I felt like it was time to turn over a new leaf and shave my facial hair. I told my mom a couple months ago I wouldn't shave until I was 18, but I didn't promise and I changed my mind. My mom is trying to guilt me by asking ""Do you love me?"" and when I say yes she says, ""than don't shave your beard"". She is also misinformed as to the myths of shaving. She thinks it will come back thicker and that less will grow back. I think i'm old enough to make my own decisions but my mom is really mad. Am I the Asshole?"
1706,"AITA for wanting to save my time, money, and sanity? Hi folks, I'm using a throwaway to preserve my anonymity. Thanks in advance for your feedback! First, a little context: I am using fake names here. Elise, Fred, my ex, and I all went to grad school together. Elise, Fred, and my ex live in a major city on the American East Coast and I recently moved to Western Canada. * Elise quickly became one of my best friends and we remained close after grad school, weathering career successes and bad breakups together, including my breakup with my ex. * My ex and I had a turbulent on-and-off relationship. We were a terrible fit for each other, but had a hard time letting go mostly because we kept running into each other at mutual grad school friends' events. We finally ended things for good when I moved to Western Canada, made our peace, and have gone No Contact to help us both move on. * Fred harbored romantic feelings for me my last few months in the States and made a physical move on me during one of my ""off"" times with my ex. I turned him down and we never spoke about it after. My ex ended up moving in with Fred during one of our ""on"" times and Fred totally lost his shit. He got into a physical fight with my ex, told our friend group that my ex was abusing me, and threatened to sue me if I ever set foot in their apartment again. Needless to say I ended that friendship rather quickly. My ex still lives there due to his financial situation, but isn't on great terms with Fred either, for obvious reasons. Now, the conflict: Elise recently ended a relationship, is turning the dreaded age of 30, and is feeling sad and lonely. She said she didn't want to celebrate her birthday, which is coming up in a month. I wanted to be there for her, so a month ago I offered to fly out to visit her for a weekend and keep her company. This is a $500 ticket for a 6+ hour flight for which I am taking a day of unpaid leave. Elise was really happy with this plan. Yesterday, I found out through the grapevine that Elise has invited our entire grad school class, including Fred and my ex, for a birthday party that weekend. I don't ever want to see Fred again and it's best that my ex and I keep our distance from each other to avoid old feelings. Elise knows where I stand with both these dudes. I confronted Elise about this and told her that it would be best if I postponed my visit for some other time since I would feel uncomfortable around Fred and my ex. It's her birthday and I get that she wants everyone to be there for her, but if I'm dropping half a grand to travel across the continent on unpaid leave, I think I should be able to avoid the people"
1707,"AITA for getting pissed at my girlfriend for repeatedly questioning me on the same issue? I apologize if the title of this post is click-baity - I purposely tried to phrase it so that the bias would be against me and her side would be viewed in the best light so as to be fair. This is my last year in undergrad. I am currently working part-time and going to school. I worked a year before going to school, and have interned at several positions during school before my current position. That said, I made it my mission to sign up for classes this semester and next semester so as to give me the highest amount of free time possible (when I am not working). My rationale for this is that after graduating, I will be working for the foreseeable future (I already have a job lined up) and thus I want to take this final year of school/""freedom"" easy before entering the ""real world"" of work. To that end, I took a class that ended halfway through the semester and don't have classes on Mondays. Additionally, and this is most important - as part of my quest to take things easy this final year, I have recently begun skipping one of my classes each week. The class meets twice a week (I go to the first, but not second class of the week), but consists entirely of the professor reading off the PowerPoint slides he makes available online. The class is relatively large (90+ people), the professor does not take attendance, and it is well-known as being a class where people only show up to the first class and final. I skip this class because it is now the only class I have Fridays (since the previously-mentioned class recently ended), and given the fact that I can read the slides myself, I'd rather start my weekend Thursday night, rather than after class on Friday. Now, my girlfriend (of just over a year) has taken issue with me missing the one class a week. Her concern is that I am developing an attitude of laziness and/or lethargy that will not serve me well in the workplace. She has also expressed concern that by missing the class, I am developing a poor image/reputation for myself. She brought this up a week ago, the first time I missed the class. I told her I appreciated her concern but not to worry. We had a more detailed discussion about each of her concerns and I addressed them, although apparently not to her satisfaction. This is because she brought up the same concerns again yesterday. We talked through them again, but this time, she persisted in insisting that she was worried I wouldn't do well the in the workplace with a ""do the minimum required"" attitude. She persisted in feeling this way despite my explanations of how I treat school and work differently and how I'm taking a particular attitude towards my last year of school that stands in distinction from hard academic work the previous"
1708,"WIBTA for tattling on my boyfriend? Using a throwaway because this is very personal. I had my tonsils and adenoids taken out a few days ago in my hometown which is about two hours away from where I live with my boyfriend and go to school. After the first few days which were spent at my mom’s house he insisted on taking me home, promising to help me and bring me anything I need. Tonight I was feeling really nauseous and dizzy. I knew it was because I hadn’t eaten enough on my pain meds. Swallowing sucks right now and I hardly have an appetite but tonight I felt like the I could eat some Panera mac n’ cheese. My bf agreed to take me. I asked my bf to grab my wallet, telling him I felt dizzy and light headed but he refused. I ended up bumping my head while looking for it and due to the painkillers and the pain I was already in I started crying. This made my bf mad which led to a fight. At one point he told me to shut my mouth so I told him I wanted to have my mom come pick me up so I could stay with her for the rest of the week. He told me it doesn’t matter if I tell her because she won’t believe a person on narcotics. In the end he apologized and just said that he lashed out because he felt guilty that I got hurt and even ended up paying for my food, but I feel like I would be better off staying with my mom now. The thing is I would have to tell her what happened and she would definitely be mad at him. Is it worth it, or am I being dramatic?"
1709,"AITA for getting annoyed at my suitemates? So, I'm in a college environment where I'm in dorms with other people. I share a room with one other girl and a small ""apartment"" unit with four others, who all have individual rooms. I was going into this year expecting to have six people in this dorm who had never met. However, my roommate and two of my suitemates already knew one another, and one of the suitemates wound up befriending the group pretty fast. The other suitemate is pretty much a loner- I can count on one hand the number of times we've interacted. I'm friendly with the group, so there's not that much conflict. There wouldn't even BE conflict if it weren't for the fact that I have sensory processing issues. I have explained this to my roommates a few times- they should be aware of this fact by now. However, they're all so... loud. They group up in one of the rooms and will keep the door open while they talk. I wouldn't mind that if it wasn't for the fact that my roommate (the one in the same room as me) tends to shriek when she's excited and raise her voice often. They also play music pretty loudly and talk loudly without a care regardless of what time it is. They also will have two separate conversations in two separate rooms- but keep the doors open, which causes some serious difficulty in me being able to concentrate on things or even have peace of mind. Whenever I politely ask them to calm down or use earbuds, they forget within a few minutes or take that to mean ""stop what you're doing"". It doesn't help that until recently, our neighbors next door used to blast their music at obnoxious volumes, to the point where the wall between our rooms would actually shake. Some days I'd have to turn my music up to deafening levels just to drown it out (I do use earbuds, I promise) and sometimes even that wasn't enough. One of them is also incredibly passionate about social justice, and while that wouldn't bother me- I'm a bit of an SJW on occasion myself- she's very... adamant about her beliefs, very much a ""my way or the highway"" type of person. The same individual also seems to tend to blame small oversights that could have been done by any of us on me- just earlier today, someone forgot a simple task. It really could have been any of us, but she was looking right at me when she said ""someone forgot to do this"". Aside from all of that, whenever I forget to close the door, or when I want to talk to a friend, or when I get excited and raise my voice a bit (and in the case of the one roommate from above, make a minor mistake) I'm suddenly the antichrist or something. Aside from all my complaints, though, these girls really aren't all that bad. When I spend time with them I have fun and"
1710,"AITA for getting a motorcycle? Yesterday I did an AITA for something that happened 5 years ago, and stated in the text that it would be one of two. This is the second one, and also happened many years ago. When I was 20 years old (so 6 years ago), I bought a motorcycle. On the surface, this may not seem like an asshole thing to do, but wait, there's more. 9 years prior to me purchasing this motorcycle, my father was involved in a motorcycle accident (the police report concluded it was not his fault and was due to a malfunction on the other vehicle, the one he crashed into) and was killed instantly. There was nothing he could have done in the moment, or immediately prior, to prevent the collision. My mother did a fantastic job, under the circumstances, of picking up the pieces, putting life back together and moving us all forwards. However, she made the family swear off motorcycles. This was a big deal as my dad was a motorbike enthusiast as were/are many members of my family. Including me. In fact, my dad taught me to ride a motorbike at just 10 years old, as well as all my siblings a lot of my cousins. I grew up with my dads passion for bikes and it got hold of me too, still does. But, regardless, I respected my mothers wishes and even at 17, when I was old enough to get a provisional licence, I chose a car instead of a bike, despite having no particular interest in cars. I continued to respect these wishes until I went off to university, at 20 years old. A year later, the lease on my car expired, and I was in a tough financial situation being a student who only worked part time, but living off campus quite a distance away. So, seeing an opportunity to save money, and, I admit, to indulge in a passion I hadn't been able too, I got a motorbike. My first one. A 125CC Dailim Daystar. My mother and step-dad came to visit one day, out of the blue, and she noticed I didn't have a car and the bike parked in my parking space. When she came up to my flat, I could tell she was not happy and asked me outright if it was mine. I said yes, and she burst into tears, asking me how i could do such a thing to her, had i forgot what happened to my father, did i have a death wish and was i doing it to spite her (I wasn't) and all other horrible questions. It was really bad, and we had a huge, several hour fight where, at one point, she threatened to destroy the bike. She even pleaded with me and offered to give me her brand new BMW if it was 'about the money'. Her position was; * My dad had died on the bike and I should 'know better'. * She would be 'worried constantly, especially if she knew I"
1711,"AITA for making a joke referencing black people leaving stickers on hats On Halloween we were going out on a haunted city tour, and it was cold, so I grabbed the first hat from the closet. The hat still had the sticker on it, because I had not work it yet before. I had recently watched the ""Key and Peele - Dueling hats"" video. so on the wy up there, I said: ""Do I need to take the sticker off this hat, or can I go as a black guy for Halloween"". My girlfriend started arguing that I was being incredibly racist, and she didn't even know who I was anymore. I asked her to tell me what specifically about the joke was racist, since I thought it was just making a comment on a cultural concept, not mocking or denigrating it. ( Note - I am white ) So, unbiased people of the internet - Am I the Asshole? Edit: Thanks for all the comments people. My lunchbreak is over, so I will be back in about 6 hours if there are new questions for me to answer."
1712,"AITA if I ask my upstairs neighbors to step lightly? I've recently moved in to a 1st-floor apartment in a 3-story complex, and I've been having some problems dealing with the noise from upstairs. I've always tried to be on the top floor in the past, but I'm disabled, and the new city that I've moved to mostly has 2- or 3-story buildings without elevators. So, the basic issue is that it often sounds like my upstairs neighbors are literally stomping around. Not always (I think they *can* walk quietly), but often. Every morning at 5:30 am, I am awoken by one of them *literally jumping* out of bed (**BOOM**, stomp stomp stomp). This, coupled with the stresses of my new job have severely disrupted my sleep schedule. So, I've been trying to take naps before dinner, from 6-7pm, but these are also disrupted by the sounds from upstairs. Things go quiet up there after 10pm. I've already had the management here give them a general noise reminder (something like ""somebody has moved in downstairs, so please be respectful and follow community guidelines""), but would it make me the asshole if I specifically ask them to try to walk with a lighter step up there? I know I probably would feel a bit offended if somebody tried to tell me how to walk in my own home. I know I was probably never the best upstairs neighbor in the past, but I never received any complaints. So how about it? AITA if I make that request?"
1713,"AITA for telling my friend I had plans this weekend because I don't want to do drugs anymore? My 'friends' are pretty big druggies, (weed, LSD, Shrooms ETC.) and I only ever really smoked weed with them. However, lately I've felt really out of place hanging out with them, as I'm more of an introvert that just prefers to watch anime or play video games. One of my friends is having a party this weekend, and asked to have it at my house since my parents wouldn't be around. Am I the asshole because I told them I had plans and didn't want to do drugs?"
1714,"AITA for being upset about my husband and his family not handling my medical emergency well? Out of the blue one day I had a seizure. For the next few days I acted weird and was extremely forgetful and emotional. I was with my husband and his family when this happened. After the seizure and onset of weird behavior, nothing was done in terms of doctors or medical advice. The next day I went out on a boat and I am pretty sure I continued to drink alcohol, which seems like bad things to do after having a seizure. I only ended up going to the doctor when I got to work and my coworker, someone who didn't even know me that well, decided it was an absolutely emergency. I didn't even remember the last few days or that I had a seizure, so my coworker sent me to the doctor just after watching my odd behavior. Obviously I am my own person, so its on me to look after myself and stand up for my health. However I wasn't at all able to care for myself or make medical decisions, but I guess we didn't really know that right away. Or maybe we were all just in denial regarding how sick I really was. My point is - whenever I even approach the topic and try to share my feelings, my husband gets upset, defensive and mad at me for accusing him of mishandling the situation. He's right about some of his points to defend/explain himself, but either way it made me loose a lot of trust that he and his family were looking out for me. I want him to know that I was upset, but mostly I want him to know that this can't happen again, for me or anyone else. Am I being overly sensitive and accusational or am I being reasonable?"
1715,"AITA for including a week off as part of my two week notice at my job? This hasn't actually happened yet, but the TL;DR is that I'm taking some unpaid time off next week and want to give my two week notice before I leave. Meaning when I get back, I'll only be there for one week. Is this a dick move? I'm not irreplaceable but I'm an assistant manager in the food service industry and most of the other staff will likely be swamped with extra responsibilities when I leave. The place is perpetually understaffed so I feel like any time will be an inconvenient time for the manager. Just the week I'm gone will mean almost everyone else will be working 5+ consecutive days."
1716,"AITA for expecting my wife to do more? TLDR my[38M] wife[37F] is a stay at home mom and is putting forth about 25% effort; AITA for expecting closer to 100%? Here are the facts: * I am a white-collar professional; standard Monday-to-Friday 9-5, I make enough for everyone, and we are not in any way hurting for money; * We have 2 boys ages 10 and 3 * None of the four of us have any heath problems, handicaps, physical limitations, psychological issues, or any other ""special needs"" * After the birth of son #2, my wife chose to quit her part-time teaching job to stay home full-time, a decision that I supported * We live in the suburbs of a certain large Midwestern city, in an 1800 square foot house with 3 bedrooms and a yard * Son #1 has karate lessons twice a week; my wife has to drive him to that * Son #2 has play-school twice a week, for about an hour * Her family (parents and sister) live 5 minutes away, and are happy to babysit the kids for free pretty much whenever I am going to spend this weekend cleaning the house, AGAIN, because it's a damn mess. She does not stay on top of ANYTHING. The sink is constantly full of dirty dishes. Laundry piles up for weeks. There's always toys scattered everywhere, and piles of junk mail and miscellaneous other crap. She vacuums maybe once a month, cleans the bathrooms once every 3 months or so, and never dusts or washes windows or anything like that. I have confronted her about this MANY times. Here's how it goes: Denial - excuses - anger - tears - she apologizes and promises to do better - about a week of actual effort - backsliding - right back to square one. Am I The Asshole? I know she's ""not the maid"", as she's fond of saying, but... am I supposed to hire one? It seems like 2 hours a day would be enough to at least keep up with the dishes and laundry, and Son #2 takes 2 hour naps. (before anyone asks. #1 no I am not an ""MRA"" or anything like that, #2 I am 100% sure she isn't cheating. pretty sure she's just sitting on her ass reading her phone all day.)"
1717,"AITA for looking up may manager on YouTube? A while back after the bar closed we were having our shift drinks (4 of us) I asked my manager, ""Sally"" about her life and hobbies just like every one else. Sally said she used to sing in a band. ""oh cool"" /we move on/ The other night i remember this so i look Sally up on YouTube to see if theres anything and there is 1 video and she sounds really good. I worked tonight (just got off 30 minutes ago) and during my shift i stopped Sally and said ""Hey, i looked you up on YouTube"" and before i could even tell her what i found and that she's really good she cuts me of and says ""okay"" and walks away immediately. I thought we were cool and that Sally would say, ""what did you find"" or at least ""why"" and we could talk for a minute like we usually do but that was it. Didn't talk to me the rest of the night except for one thing about work and it was like she was confused at why i would even talk to her instead of the other manager. I'm fully aware ""I looked you up on YouTube"" sounds really bad or at least creepy out of context (which i would have loved to have give). AITA or am i just over thinking this and she was just busy or what?"
1718,"AITA for not telling my mother about a question I asked a doctor? Yesterday I thought I'd dislocated my shoulder so I needed to go to the drop-in centre (turns out I'm fine, just inflammation). Now, I've also been wanting to go to the doctors to ask a sexual question about my dick for a while. My mother had given me a lift there and just before we went in the doctors office I told her I wanted her to not come with me because I had another question to ask the doctor. I went in, got checked, asked my question and then left. For the full drive home she was interrogating me trying to find out what I asked and I said I wasn't comfortable telling her at least 20 times. I told her it was fine and nothing was wrong with me but she didn't let up and now she's pissed off at me."
1719,"AITA for ghosting friends who constantly put me down? I hate being told I cant do something, that I'm bad at something I love. It hits a spot in me that ignites anger and passion. A couple of my so-called friends seem to know what gets me upset because it's been something they've done for a while. Ive been a gamer since i was 3 years old. Im 26 now, and it's still my number one hobby and passion. I met one of the friends at work (calling him B) and shared common ground with him for a while and enjoyed his company playing online games like Minecraft and Borderlands. Then his cousin got involved, who is a complete toolbag asshole. I've never liked him but put up with his company. Over time the friend (B) i got along with started ganging up on me. They tell me I'm terrible at first person shooters even though I score around the same amount of kills, sometimes higher. They tell me I can't get a warehouse job just because I'm female and I'll never get into anything besides customer service the rest of my life.. That it was a waste of money to build my own PC. That i cant bitch with them about our shitty fast food jobs because they apparently ""have it worse than me, and my job is easy in comparison."" They also make fun of my boyfriend and his mom constantly. It was kinda funny at first but when it became a constant affair it became annoying. My boyfriend had enough at one point and was quite outwardly angry which made me break down in tears. B heard the whole thing. I then overheard that the cousin didn't know or care where I was when I was AFK. As dumb a reason as it seems, that was what caused me to decide to go off radar for a while as well as everything else I mentioned. After I built my PC I decided I needed some time away from them for a while. I came back after about a month, and nothing has changed. I was called pathetic for disappearing, and they both went back to making fun of my boyfriends mom. I told them to stop because neither I or my boyfriend like their behavior. I was told off for ""ruining their joke."" Then after about a half hour of silence, I went offline. I'm trying to decide if I should cut these people off permanently or give them the benefit of the doubt and try talking to them. I'm leaning way more towards the former right now. Most of all, I need to know if I'm overreacting. Thanks."
1720,"AITA If I don't write a character witness for a mentally ill homeless woman? Some probably necessary background. I volunteered last year at a women's homeless shelter and while there I met a woman who at first seemed moderately normal compared to most of our other guests. Well it turns out she's a **huge** manipulator, is genuinely mentally ill but can act like she's not if you don't spend much time with her but it's obvious simple things don't *click* for her like it would a regular person, and is most likely on drugs of some sort. (I'm not just accusing her of drug use here with no basis for it, after spending enough time with users you began to see through the bullshit and notice their drug seeking habits/ behaviour.) She won't seek help, and won't use medicine prescribed by Dr.s. She will use people and is incredibly self centered and selfish for a homeless person. She also manages to hoard things and begs people to hold her stuff saying she'll pick it up in a month. Well. I've had 2 of her bags since this time last YEAR. They're taking up space in my house, and at one point she decided to drop off the face of the earth without telling anyone. Not another homeless friend, no one. I was incredibly worried because she could have been picked up and murdered. So I went through her bags, and found evidence she's even more unstable and crazy then I realised. Her own mother has a restraining order against her, and warrants for breaking the RO often. She's been mentally ill for years and years, and is getting worse with each passing year. She got my number in the beginning of shelter season a year ago, and would send me 50+ text messages a day. She wouldn't stop, and would call all the time just rambling. It's like I don't exist in these conversations, and she'll say something to me, then later in a conversation act like I said it? Example; HW: wow, you sure must like the color red, bet it's your favourite color. M: No, it's alright though. *later* HW: Hey look at this, it has your favourite color on it. **PROBLEM** She wants me to write her a character witness which she has convinced herself will convince a judge to let her see her mother for Thanksgiving this year. I 100% believe even with several character witness letters, this wouldn't happen. I would have to LIE in it anyways, and I'm not comfortable with this at all. Just to kind of show you her disjointed thinking, here's a couple text messages she sent me after I told her I would have to think about writing the character witness letter. Yo _____!Good 2 hear from u. 😃.It has been so long since I have seen u,&heard from u.I mean really.Hum. . ., I went to the town city councel meeting that was not to long ago for camp (*name of local homeless camp*). The camp wanting to still have a"
1721,"AITA for being constantly frustrated at my roommate? Last month an old friend told me he was looking for cheap housing in my city, at the same time that I’d been looking for a roommate to share some expenses and space, so I invited him to come join me. Since then there have been a lot of little conflicts mostly related to him consuming my consumables. When he got here, I told him I’m generous with sharing of certain things including alcohol and groceries, “within reason.” His response has not been within reason. Within two weeks he’d drank all of my beer, which when he got here was most of a twelve pack each of Sam Adams, Redd’s Cider, and Guinness... not cheap stuff. He also drank an entire 1.5L bottle of Bacardi, which I’m pretty sure I hadn’t even opened when he got here (I don’t drink the stuff, I stock it just for company). Anyway there were a few other incidents of taking more than is reasonable. I go grocery shopping late Friday nights and usually buy a pound of bacon every other week; I eat a slice a day; and 18 eggs weekly, since I eat two a day. Last Monday I discovered that all of my bacon was gone, along with a full dozen eggs, and my cast iron pan was covered in a very thick layer of grease along with a lot of surrounding surfaces. Was I the asshole for freaking out about this? I had indeed said I like to share groceries, but I thought a reasonable person would interpret that as occasional sampling, not consuming entire items the weekend they are bought. So being out of bacon I decided to have a bowl of cereal instead, whereupon I found my kitchen devoid of all bowls. I ate out of a Tupperware container and texted him about the missing bowls and asked that he wash the dishes he’d dirtied, but he didn’t for an entire week and I had to live without bowls. AITA for subsequently telling him he is no longer allowed to take dishes out of the kitchen? Or is he the asshole for continuing to do so anyway? Am I the asshole for hounding him daily about cleaning, or is he the asshole for destroying my kitchen and leaving it like that for a week, filling the trash without taking it out, eating all my food and alcohol, and leaving the sink covered in food debris when he finally did wash the dishes? Finally, AITA for texting him to turn his music down at 3 AM? AITA for commenting negatively on his Facebook post making fun of my dog for eating food that he left out? WITA for saying that the dog was just trying to get payback for all his owner’s food and alcohol that hasn’t been replaced? AITA for freaking out when, after I said the grocery sharing deal is now off, I came home yesterday to discover that he’d AGAIN eaten all my bacon and a bunch of eggs? Was"
1722,"AITA for trying to control the heating in our apartment? I rent a room in a very large apartment with many rooms. The heating has been acting up in our apartment. There were times in the middle of the summer when it went full on, even though it was super hot both outside and inside. I had to use a fan in my room in October. I feel the apartment is like an *oven* sometimes. Guests commented on it too. A few weeks ago, the landlord confirmed it was faulty, and said it's fine now. The weather right now is rather warm for the season. I felt really warm, and when I checked the thermostat I see the heating is on full even tho it says the current temp is 27C/80F. I turned it off. This happend a few times in the last couple of weeks. It's uncomfortably warm here. I wear shorts in november and still feel a bit warm. (BTW the thermostat is in a room with a huge balcony door, so it definitely is not the warmest room in the house) Today I could see a flatmate, Brandee, fiddling with the thermostat. It's right next to her room. Few minutes later I checked it, and again the heating was on even though it was 25C/77F. An then I saw that the setpoint was set to 30C/86F! Crazy. Some flatmates, including Brandee, were lounging around and I commented loudly on this, the set it back to 21C/70F. I went to take a shower for 10 minutes, and when I came out I could see the thermostat was back to 30C/86F! I asked Joe, and he said Brandee did it. Brandee was just coming in the room. And I asked why is she tampering the thermostat? Couldn't she ask us first what we think? 30C is way too high. She pretended like I was air, like she couldn't see or hear me, and went into her room. I was astounded that an adult could be so childish and disrespectful. Later in the evening I could see she's tampering with the heating again. I confronted her. And she started screaming and shouting at me, that I have no right to turn off the heating, and since she pays rent she could turn on the heating if she wants. She was *frantic*. She said not every room has the same temp. (Even tho the thermostat is measuring the temp right outside her door) I could barely get a word in. But I told her that a) 30C is waaay too high for room temperature and she should google ""room temperature"" b) she lives with others, so she has to compromise like anyone else, and we could do a flatmate meeting about the heating and cast votes c) this is no way to handle conflicts, and she should calm the f down. After this quarrel I asked Joe, who was quiet the whole time, what he thinks, and he said yea 30C is way too hot. Later I asked others what should it be"
1723,"AITA for not going to Thanksgiving at my dad's house? Background: My dad and stepmother are terrible at either making or communicating plans for easily predicable/major events. This often leads to me not knowing about things (holiday plans, brother's graduation, birthday plans, etc) until the last minute. I like to plan ahead, so this often leads to me having to cancel plans on short notice. I am an adult, self-sufficient, live in my own, etc. Event: Today, I got a text from my dad asking if I could make it to a family Thanksgiving this Saturday (we tend to do a smaller dinner at his house prior to the larger gatherings on the holiday, but it either happens that Saturday or Sunday). I currently have social plans that day that includes me being an organizer for a small event. While I could probably cancel and find someone to cover for me, I would rather not bail less than a week out, I would like to see friends, and I am tied of having to accommodate their poor planning. I texted that I couldn't make it. I will see everyone there on Thanksgiving day at a different family member's dinner. Am I the asshole for not putting up with their inability to let me know about family functions a few weeks out? WIBTA if I told them they need to let me know 2-4 weeks ahead for predicable events if they want me to attend?"
1724,"AITA for using my blinker improperly and ensuring other drivers get lost? Let me preface this by saying I do not like slow drivers. Period. A slow driver, to me, is defined as a person who consistently drives well below the speed limit. We have entirely too many of these in my area and it's awful. You see, my town is relatively small, so there are only two main roads that lead in and out of town. When one of these roads gets blocked off (due to an accident, road work, whatever) and traffic is forced to take a detour, I often find myself stuck behind a driver that is completely confused about where they're going. This, in itself, is incredible because most traffic here is local and if you live here you should know most of the side roads and short cuts. Anyways, when this happens, I've noticed that the slow, lost driver in front of me basically waits for me to use my blinker and then they turn on the road I was going to take, extending my agony even further. I suppose this is also kind of dangerous because they basically have to stop short to make the turn. So recently I've decided to not use my blinker until the last second and then turn. This way, the driver in front of me blows passed the turn. It's working pretty well so far. I get to get home faster after a long day of work and that person continues to be lost because they refused to just pull over and use their phone that they probably use while driving anyways. Am I an asshole for doing this?"
1725,"AITA For complaining about these things? My Chem teacher, about 2 months ago. Told me not to send him work emails over the weekend, since he is too busy. Even though other teachers don't make the same requirements, I totally respect that 100%. However, a couple of days ago I totally forgot and sent him an email on saturday. He started going into a tangent about how he is overworked, and how I can't expect him to work over the weekend. I understood, and apologised. I also said however that it was a non issue, I am perfectly fine with him replying on Monday, and that he should move past it. He bought it up whilst we were discussing another issue. And it felt like deterrence. Was this rude of me? Also, the same teacher, in my written reports, has raised numerous issues that I was previously completely unaware of. I.e, he was saying I wasn't focusing in class, despite making no attempt to alert me to the fact that he thought this was an issue. I do not believe this is fair. Every other teacher I've had has told me that if they have an issue with me, they will explain it to me before they write it in my reports (THIS IS HIGHLY DESIRABLE and imo boils down to basic respect). No one likes seeing new issues raised in there written reports. I don't think reports should be news. My other teacher said, and I quote: ""If you're surprised with what I write in your report, I am not doing my job correctly"". Just to add, the perceived focus issue was ill founded in the first place. No other teacher has these issues with me. Please let me know. By complaining and taking actions against these things, AITA?"
1726,"AITA for telling a girl she shouldn’t waste my time? So. Some context here. I am a recovering nice guy (TM) basically, I used to (and sometimes still do) show signs of the dreaded nice guy (TM). For example, I was friends with a lot of girls in high school who I was in love with. Friend zoned. Not very confrontational. Cowardly. Blaming women for not liking me. That sorta thing. I’ve worked a lot on myself since then, and I think I’ve improved a lot, but I still need work, and I need your help. So I sort of put the idea of this girl, we will call her L, on a pedestal. We were texting back and forth, although she wouldn’t even read my texts until at least 6 hours had passed. But that’s not really a big deal, people have busy lives. I have one day where I can go out. Saturday. Every other day, I have to be up early the next morning, so this was important. We had been talking about going out for the entire week. All the sudden, at like 5 pm, she tells me she got dragged in to seeing a movie with her family, and asks me if I want to hang out with her friends after. The family thing o can understand, but friends? I thought this was a date? And I clearly told her days earlier that this was certainly a date. (Not so directly, mind you, but I had thrown the word in there). So I told her, nah let’s just hang out another time. Keep in mind, this was about 530 pm. She doesn’t even READ my text until 1200 am. At about 1145, I’m thinking, okay fuck this girl for wasting my Saturday night. So I texted her, “Next time just tell me you don’t want to hang out instead of wasting my time” So at like 1208, she responds with a text basically telling me to chill out, and that she’s going to hang with her family over a random guy any day. And that if I didn’t want to hang out, she’d understand. So now my nice guy instincts kick in unfortunately. I apologize and ask her if she wants to hang out again. She never even looked at the text. Now, she may not even be real, but if she was real, I wanna know if I was the asshole. I’m probably leaving things out, but I’m in the Gym parking lot and my pre workout is making me want to eat my own face. So just ask and I will answer ASAP. Thanks y’all. EDIT: We met on tinder."
1727,AITA because my good friend asked me to be in his destination wedding and I declined? I'm almost 30 have a decent job. I can make due financially and make the trip happen but I flat out don't want to. Just wanting some feedback in the court of public opinion.
1728,"WIBTA if I leave a friend alone on Christmas? Ok, that's a pretty bad title. I was born in Finland, and have lived in Canada since I was 7. I recently began an 8-month internship in France, which is the first time I've been in Europe since I left at age 7. Obviously, I am travelling around as much as possible. There are two others doing an internship position at the same company, also from Canada, but we all met in France. One of them is this asian guy, who is nice, but a little bit socially awkward. He often 'coincidentally' joins me on my travels. For example, when I mentioned I was going to Berlin last October, he coincidentally booked bus tickets for the exact same weekend a few days later. I am happy to travel with him, but sometimes I also enjoy travelling alone, because it means I can meet new people easier. So far, all my travels have been with him. Anyway, I obviously have to go back to visit my family in Finland. I decided that the best time to do this was Christmas (the 24th is also my birthday), and I booked plane tickets from Dec 20 - 26. I mentioned this at work. There is also an old friend from Canada joining me on this trip. Today, I got a text from the asian guy, saying 'hey dude, I was thinking of going to Finland from December 22 - 26.' So, he is hoping to join me. Here is my dilemna: 1. I would prefer to do this trip alone. I haven't seen these people in 13 years, and I honestly just want to spend some quality time with them. 2. It seems this guy doesn't have anywhere to go for Christmas, and he is hoping to join me. If he does come to Finland, I couldn't imagine stone-walling him, because that is just completely opposite the Christmas spirit. For some reason, this time around, I am really struggling with the idea of travelling with him. WIBTA if I tell him I want to do this trip alone? EDIT: Tried to remove some Bias."
1729,AITA When I show my girlfriend my battery life to piss her off
1730,AITA for planning to cut her off I’ve known a college friend for a couple of years and eventually I got attached to her. After talking and initial rejection we had a thing going but it was very short lived. We still hung out after it fell apart. However I haven’t made an effort to talk to her. She would always text me to say what’s up but I always kept the conversations very brief and minimal (compared to me initiating contact and trying to start a conversation before) I’ve been planning to cut her off and not contact her anytime soon. I have no issues with her but it’s been a while since that moment and I still don’t look at our friendship the same way for some reason (plus I’ve been busy and seeing other people on the side) Should I cut her off completely and continue going about my business? I’ve already unfollowed her on some of my social media
1731,"AITA If i cut them both off? My friend and ex boyfriend recently hung out, he bought her drinks, dropped her home and everything. Now i know my friend isn't intentionally trying to break the girl code but she's slutty and attention seeking. My ex has no obligation to me but we are usually cordial. I'm irritated but not interested in confronting any of them. AITA if i just cut them both off?"
1732,"WIBTA for sending screen shots of my ex harrassing me to her new boyfriend? Tl:dr - Ex girlfriend cheated on me, broke up with me for the guy she cheated one me with. Yet she is continuing to try and message me, even after I have nicely asked 3 times for her to leave me alone. Long story short, My ex broke up with me over 2 months ago. Turns out she was cheating on me with her now current boyfriend. Backstory is, her and I work together and we dated for two years. But about a year in, this guy kept trying to get her to break up with me or cheat. She remained faithful, or so I thought. She got with him within a week of us breaking up and has been dating him for the entire time now. However, she keeps trying to text me to ""talk"" or talk to me at work about personal matters between us. I had blocked her on everything but seeing as I am an emergency opener at work, I was told its not the best to have her number blocked. Kicker is, as soon as I unblocked her number she started trying to ""talk"" to me again. I personally feel like she is someone who only craves attention and she wants me to chase after her, or make me jealous based on other things she has done at work. I have told her 3 different times, there is nothing left to talk about and to leave me alone unless its about work. She can not seem to do that, and its starting to irritate me. Would I be the asshole for sending screen shots of all the times shes tried texting me behind her boyfriends back to him?"
1733,"AITA Answered the door and the person at the door walked inside I did not personally know the person, however, I found out later that they had been here before and are a friend of one of my roommates. Roommate says that it's completely normal to just walk in when someone answers the door even if you don't know them. AITA for saying they shouldn't just walk in to someone else's house?"
1734,"AITA for not trading my aisle seat for a middle seat so a couple could sit together? I HATE the middle. I book MONTHS in advance so I can have an aisle. I have bad knees and need to stretch them into the aisle every now and then, and I need to get up And walk every couple hours, even if just to the rest room. Couple comes to me and is like, can you switch with my wife so we can sit together? If one was on the aisle I would have done it. But they both had middle seats. I was like, I’m sorry I really can’t sit in the middle for 4 hours. It was an awkward flight. When I told my wife later that day my wife says I was wrong. I don’t agree."
1735,"AITA For not telling off a customer? First some backstory- this is ultimately about a disagreement between me and my SO. Last night I had a customer come into my store. As she was walking up, she dropped some trash on the ground right outside the front door (the front of the store is basically a big window). One of my coworkers confronted the lady as she walked in, basically telling her she wasn’t going to get any help until she went and picked up her trash. She refused, basically said “it’s not my problem” and “what are you going to do about it?” After a few minutes of back and forth between the two, she turned to me and my manager and asked, “Well, which one of you two are going to help me?” Me and my manager just stared at each other for about 20 seconds or so, rolling our eyes at each other. Then he says, go ahead and help her. The first guy starts walking towards the door to go pick up the trash himself. I turned and started begrudgingly assisting the lady. Now, my SO is *extremely* against littering, it’s her biggest pet peeve. She feels very, very strongly about it. When I got home, I told her this story, and she said “Wow, that was really cool of your coworker!” But then, when I got to the part where I ended up helping the lady, she started giving me shit, saying I should have refused to help her. I tried to explain that 1. my coworker was already headed towards the door to pick it up, and 2. I was expressly told by my manager to help her, but she kept insisting that I should have refused and told the lady to go pick it up herself. It actually turned into an argument last night to the point that we didn’t talk or hang out before bed, which we usually do. Am I the asshole? **EDIT**: To be fair, she knows my boss (he’s really cool and always has our backs) and I probably could have gotten away with it to be honest. I just didn’t see the point in exacerbating the situation when my coworker was already headed to pick up the trash himself. Combine that with my boss asking me to take care of the lady, and the fact that I knew she wouldn’t leave without being helped... I just wanted her to leave (side note- she asked a ton of questions and took up a bunch of our time needlessly). But yeah. Last night she told me she thought less of me for not refusing to help her. I thought it was pretty stupid. Now, I have to say, I’ve been in a few bad relationships before and this is NOT one of them. She is generally very levelheaded, has common sense, is an amazing person, and overall I know that I’m lucky to be with her. I think because of this, I was even more taken aback and confused by the whole"
1736,"AITA for not forcing my preteen son to apologize for telling another preteen that Santa isn't real? My kid [12M] was playing with a group of kids at recess and one of them [12F] made some kind of reference to Santa Claus being real. My kid laughed and said, ""You're joking, right?"" The girl was not joking and got very upset when my kid (and his friends) were basically like, ""Uh, no, dude, Santa's definitely not real."" Apparently they also shattered the illusion about Elf on the Shelf too. Well, I got an irate call from the girl's mom last night. She said my child has ruined Christmas and wants him to apologize and tell her daughter that he was lying about Santa because he didn't believe in the magic of Christmas anymore, but now sees the error of his ways. When I asked if her daughter has any special needs, she angrily told me no, she's neurotypical, but that she's just a girl who loves Christmas and is now heartbroken. I told her that, respectfully, what she's positing is an insane idea and that it's unreasonable to expect 12 year olds to maintain the Santa story with other 12 year olds. She called me a Grinch (seriously) and hung up on me, right after insisting she's going to take it to the school administration. When I talked to my son about it, he said he genuinely thought she was joking because all of his friends have known that Santa isn't real for years. He thinks it's ""super weird"" that she still believes/d. I told him that I'll stick up for him and that I agree his classmate is too old to continue the fantasy, especially if she is neurotypical. My son confirmed that she's in his class and extracurriculars, and seems to function like a completely average 12 year old. But now I'm wondering if this isn't compassionate enough to other people's beliefs? I really do feel like 12 is way way way too old to sincerely believe in Santa unless there's some kind of cognitive development issues, and I think forcing my kid to say that he was wrong about Santa is absolutely ridiculous. My husband thinks he should at least apologize for not being sensitive, but I'm really stuck on how a 12 year old with normal thinking skills could possibly still believe in Santa and thinking that frankly it was about time unless her parents thought she'd ALWAYS believe. But I'm open to missing something here. AITA? (And bonus, was my son the asshole for not playing along about Santa initially?)"
1737,"AITA For not wanting to go to a Friendsgiving if I can’t invite a girl I’ve been seeing? I have a friend, let’s call her Abby. I lived with her boyfriend last year, the three of us are friends. I’m seeing a girl, let’s call her Beth. I met Beth through Abby. She invited her to a party at our apartment right after they’d met. I hooked up with Beth that night. Started seeing her. Then left to travel for 3 months. Came back. Started seeing her again. Nothing official, but we hang out 2-3 days a week and txt almost daily. I’ve introduced her to most of my friends and most of them like her. Abby doesn’t like Beth that much. She’s expressed this before. She describes her as “Not like unkind, but doesn’t seem to go out of her way to care for others in the way I enjoy most of my friendships”. Last year we hosted a Friendsgiving at our apartment. Me, my two roommates, and Abby (one roommates gf). This year, her and her boyfriend are hosting at their place. They’ve invited over 30 people, 22 have said they are coming. Abby is really excited about this party. Tonight I asked if I can invite Beth. Abby said she’d rather keep it to close friends. And then followed up with “if you become more serious with her, I can try and come around”. I responded with “I’m not asking you to be best friends with her. She’s just someone I’m spending a lot of time with and sharing parts of my life with. One part being my friends”. She thumbed up the last part of my message in fb messenger, but quickly changed the subject. Since Beth knows Abby, and everyone else who will be at the party who I’ve introduced her to in the past, I feel like it would hurt her if I told her I was going and she wasn’t welcome. If I don’t tell her, I’m needlessly keeping what I’m doing on Friday a secret from her (a night we usually hang out). I’m I an asshole for bailing on said party for a girl I’m not officially seeing?"
1738,"AITA For this comment I made on Youtube? So context, I am waiting for the new Pokemon game that is coming out in 1 day from when I am posting this (the comment was a few days ago though). Well, the game got leaked a few weeks early and people were already playing it. I was looking at videos on youtube like normal when I looked at the thumbnail for a recommended video, and its got a plain spoiler for the game. I am on the group that is waiting to play the game myself and avoiding all spoilers, so I was annoyed. I then noticed that next to it was another recommended video with someone playing the game early, but the thumbnail was a big custom ""SPOILERS"" warning. So I checked the channel of the guy with the thumbnail that had spoiled me, and noticed that he had like 30 videos with all spoiler inducing thumbnails. And that was what prompted me to comment on one of his videos. I'll just put an image of the screenshots of what ensued since it is easier that way. I censored the names for obvious reasons, but the green censor is me. https://imgur.com/a/lAXxc Btw this is how it looks so far, if something new pops up I'll update it."
1739,"AITA: For not accepting lunch from my boss? Hey guys and gals, I don't particularly think either of us are being assholes in this situation, but I'm more asking if I was wrong not to accept lunch? So I started working in this new place as an IT guy. I've been working closely with my boss, but he is very busy and often doesn't go out for lunch. I was going to the shop and I noticed he was eating a bag of crisps and so I asked if he wanted anything in the shop. He said yeah get me a sandwich, hands me 20pound and says get what you're getting out of that too. So I went to the shop, bought his stuff out of the money, but I bought my own out of my own money and kept them separate. I did this because I felt bad accepting lunch just because I was going to the shop for him. I was going anyway and thought it I was being cool by not buying my food out of his money. He asks when I get back if I didn't buy my stuff out of his money, and I said ""No, sure I was going myself anyway so I had the money ready for my own."" A few says later this happened again, and again I bought it from my own money. He asked again why I didn't buy it from his money and I said the same again, that I was going before you asked for your sandwich, but thanks for the gesture"". He didn't offer again and I think he seemed a bit offended maybe? was I being rude by not accepting his kind gesture?"
1740,"AITA for thinking I married too soon/young? I married at 19. We've been married for a little more than a year and I am loathing it. I feel like I was rushed into something I am not totally cool with. Listen. I love my wife, but sometimes I feel like I am not in a situation I want to stay in. She gave me an ultimatum back when we were dating that I had to propose to her by December (mentioned this in October) or else we would break up. I felt like I was in the middle of a hostage situation. But of course I bought a ring and on one of the last days of November I proposed. We got hitched and now feel like I did it too soon. I want to travel without worrying about the dog that I didn't want but we got because she needed a buddy. I want to get kinky and do all kinds of weird shit. We have sex. Not regularly, maybe once or twice a month, and it is always vanilla missionary. Not what I would want but whatever, that's what she wants. Am I an asshole for wanting to have experienced more before settling down? I wanted to experience getting an apartment on my own or be able to go places without having to check in every hour. I don't know. I feel conflicted. I don't want to bring it up because obviously that would be a fight, but I don't want to live with this ""what if"" my whole life. Edit: I forgot one of the big things here. She wants kids. We were able to come to the agreement that we would start having kids in 5 years, but Jesus. I don't want to even think about kids. I'm 20. I feel like a kid myself. The other related thing is even though she says she isn't wanting to have kids at the moment, she won't use any type of birth control and condoms hurt her. So I pretty much have to rely on me being good at timing. I don't feel comfortable about that, and every time I try to bring it up, I am insensitive to her feelings or selfish."
1741,"AITA For not wanting to drive my sister everywhere all the time when I'm trying to sleep? So for some backstory. My sister and I currently live together with my mom. I had my own apartment and everything was fine. My mom sold her house but didn't find a suitable home to purchase afterwards, so she literally begged me to get into a rental with her. I was going month to month with my landlord so it was simple. Now I pay rent at the rental home, same as my mom. Sister is there just going to school. Little did I know that moving in was going to have strings attached. I work nights. 10 hour shifts. I come home around 11AM and just want to sleep. My sister gets out of school around 1:30PM. So I currently have to wake up, drive to pick her up, bring her back, and try to get back to sleep. I then go to work that night and feel like absolute piss. I'm writing this from my office, about to snooze. Am I the asshole? I want to tell her no more rides unless it's absolutely necessary. She can wait for me to wake up at least."
1742,"AITA For unknowingly letting my ex cheat So a little back story first. Me and my ex-girlfriend had been broken up for around 2 months at this point, I wasn't dating anyone and she was with a self proclaimed rebound guy. Our original break up was quite bad and ended with us not talking at all until this all started. So it's a Thursday and I was feeling a bit down so reached out to talk to my ex as she was the only one who understood why I was feeling down (Stuff which started during our relationship which was still happening at that point) and I chose to message her because she understood the situation and it had been 2 months since the break up so I personally felt like I could talk to her without it being a huge issue. So she answered my message and we started talking, all Thursday we spoke about what was going on in my life and it was nothing weird, everything felt normal and there was no bad blood which was nice. Now the Friday and Saturday is where it started to get a bit different. On these days she started to say things to me like ""I miss you"" or ""I should have never left you"", now obviously I knew she was dating someone (even if she did say he was a rebound) so I would tell her she can't talk to me like that because it's wrong since it's unfair to the boyfriend. Sunday, the day it started to become a mistake. I'll be honest I got lost in the idea of being with her again so I started to be a bit less considerate of the boyfriend. Now I wasn't saying things to her but I wouldn't protest when she would say them to me, instead I would just be like ""Oh you can't say that till you're single again"". Making it very clear that I assumed that would be quite soon. Monday is best summed up by her telling me she dumped her boyfriend and us arranging to meet up the next day. Tuesday, we meet up. Everything was going great, she was happy, I was happy. It was like old times and because it was like old times we did it. Now I should have realised something was wrong on Monday but I didn't. During our day together she got a call off her now 'ex' boyfriend. He told he had been locked out of his place and she told him to got back to hers since her flatmates would let him in, not too weird if they ended on good terms, but she ended the call saying ""I love you too"". That should have been a huge red flag but instead she shrugged it off saying that he said if first and it was an reflex since she had literally broken up with him the day before(he didn't go to hers btw). So I didn't look into it and eventually she headed home and everything seemed fine. Now"
1743,"AITA For not wanting my mom to have my ex-gf as a client? My mom is a hairstylist who works out of home and started cutting my ex-girlfriend's hair while we were still dating. We broke up a year and a half ago, but I just found out that my mom has still been doing my ex's hair since then. My ex pays her and she schedules appointments for when I'm not home, but it still bothers me. I don't really know why, it was a mutual breakup because we just grew apart, but it just bothers me. I asked my mom to not do her hair anymore and even though my mom thinks I'm being weird, she told my ex that she can't be a client anymore. My ex's brother (who's still one of my closest friends) just texted me and asked why I was being an asshole because apparently my ex told him about the hair situation. I don't think it's a big deal to ask that my EX-GIRLFRIEND doesn't come to my home, even if I'm not there when she does. My current girlfriend thinks it's weird for my ex to still be my mom's client too. So Reddit, am I the asshole for expecting privacy from my ex in my home and asking that she doesn't be around my family, even as just a client?"
1744,"AITA for telling my roommate not to talk to me? My husband and our roommate got into a huge argument that lead to the roommate kicking us out. We have to be moved out by December 1st. Since the argument, the roommate has been making rude and downright harassing comments toward me. They're almost always some form of ""I guess this is what I get for trying to help people. They treat you like crap."" This roommate would never dare say things like that while my husband was around. This morning she said more of the same shit after my husband left for work. I interrupted her and said, ""we'll be out by the first. I don't think anything else needs to be said"". She tried to continue and I interrupted again saying, ""I don't want to hear it."" Now I hear her down the hall talking with the other roommate (4 of us live here) saying, ""I don't see why they have to be so fucking rude"" and the person she's talking to is agreeing with her. I never raised my voice or called her names. I simply made it clear that I was done letting her make me feel like shit about this whole thing. AITA?"
1745,"AITA for ""caring too much about what other people think""? I started dating this guy a few months back. Things were good but he began to suddenly distance himself and he broke up with me. He said he didn't know why his feelings faded and we had a long talk where he began to seem like his feelings were coming back around. I asked if we were still breaking up and he said he needed time to think. I really like him so I thought I would give him space and time to work this out. I thought this would be like a few days or a week, but it has dragged on for four weeks. At various points I have told myself this is a confusing place to be and I need to move on regardless what he is thinking or feeling. Yet everytime I try he starts flirting with me, like he is trying to reel me back in because he senses the distance. Somewhere in the middle of this four week waiting he made a joke about me in front of others which I found hurtful. I told him immediately and privately I was hurt, but he refused to say anything except that it was a just a joke. About a week later I brought it up again and said I still felt hurt. He apologized and I forgave him. Last night he asked me if I consider myself happy. I said yes and asked why. He said I don't seem unhappy, but I think an awful lot about what other people think, which he thinks would make it hard for me to be happy. He cited a few stories I told him where something someone said bothered me and also the incident with the hurtful joke. So this weird conversation ensues where he wants me to explain why these things hurt or bothered me. Or why I care about what people think. I had already explained these things in the past but I tried to explain them again. Then I realized he was basically trying to get me to feel bad for calling him out the hurtful joke... Rather than be accountable and move on from it since I forgave him, he wants to analyze why I care about what he or other people say. So I asked him why he felt he had to make this hurtful joke in the first place. He evaded answering and the conversation turned nasty, at least partially because my delivery was really bad and I started to become kind of nitpicky. His perspective is that I seem riddled by anxiety and that he should be able to say anything to me or about me without me caring. I do have anxiety I see a therapist about and I do want to care less about what other people think, but I still believe in not making hurtful jokes or at least apologizing for them, especially with people I care about. (Which no longer includes this guy because of his behavior...) What confused"
1746,"AITA in my relationship So, let's start this off by saying I am not a morning person. I'm usually pretty out of it in the morning and can't really do anything that requires much in the way of thinking for the first hour I am awake. This morning I got up in bed with my gf because our son was awake and ready for breakfast (he's one.) I walked over to grab my sweats out of my closet and saw that my laundry basket had a bunch of clothes in it. In my usual morning confusion I asked if these were my clean clothes, to which my girlfriend replied that they were (she had taken them out of the dryer for me and put them there, which I do appreciate.) All I said was ""oh, these are my dirty clothes"" and proceeded to soet the clean ones out and separate them. She told my that I had ""low-key freaked out"" at her for putting my clean clothes there and proceeded to tell me off for being upset. Now, I'll admit I may have been mildly irritated at having to dig through my clothes, but I wasn't mad at her for doing it. She started cleaning the house and throwing stuff everywhere to make a point that she was upset with me for ""freaking out."" Am I the asshole here?? I honestly want to know. These sorts of things happen all the time and I don't know wether to feel guilty or not."
1747,"WIBTA For leaving a note? The apartment complex I live in only has one washer and one dryer. It sucks considering there are 8 apartments but we make it work. Recently some new neighbors moved in and they have started hogging both the machines, sometimes for DAYS, from morning til night. They also do this thing where if they have stuff going in the dryer they’ll start a load in the washer, but stop it after it fills with water. Basically I’ve gone down there to find a washer full of clothes floating in water. Sometimes they’ll only wash ONE thing and still do this. It’s irritating. DH thinks we should stick a sign up in the laundry room telling everybody to be considerate of other neighbors who may want to do laundry, but here’s the catch: these new neighbors don’t speak any English. We would have to leave a Spanish translation up there as well and since these neighbors are the only ones in the complex who speak Spanish I feel like it might be a little too pointed. Thoughts?"
1748,"AITA Wanting to Sell this ring? So around 2011- early 2017 I was in a very serious relationship with a guy. He started out great and then things went downward as he increasingly became more insecure, more controlling, more abusive, etc. Things got very dangerous a couple of times, but we had become so invested in each other that I didn't see a clear way out that wouldn't be horribly dangerous. Around our last yearly anniversary things picked up a bit and I thought it was going to get better for us. He even picked up a promise ring for me from a local jeweler. As abusive cycles go, it got bad again. He would constantly use the ring against me as something to coerce me into doing what he wanted and giving up my position in arguments. Before I left for college I broke up with him. One of the last things he ever said to me was ""Please don't pawn the ring."" It's been about six months since we broke up and in order to get over the trauma I'm just trying to remove all signs of him from my house and, being a poor student, I could really use the 300+ dollars the ring is actually worth. Would I be an asshole if I sold this ring?"
1749,"AITA for not putting up with my family’s blatant disrespect for me and refusing to go to the houses of the people who disrespect me? My grandfather and his wife on my moms side have always ran the show when it comes to holidays and basically family get togethers in between. His wife (who is not my grandma to clear things up, but has been with him since I can remember) is probably one of the worst human beings I’ve ever met. It’s her way or nothing and she also likes to pick and start Family fights, but no one will stand up to her and my grandfather isn’t totally innocent, he jumps in with her and then you’re not allowed to disagree with him because he believes he runs the Family. They never really had anything to do with me as a kid, never came to any of my games or recitals but always expected me to be at their house on Thanksgiving & Christmas and whatever bs get together they could come up with in between. If you don’t go to these things they have a family fun fest of everyone jumping in and basically talking some mad shit about you and whoever else didn’t show up. On Labor Day Of 2015 my grandfathers wife started some family drama involving me and I stated my opinion on how it wasn’t very nice or adult like for them to act this way. (I’ve grown a spine since I’m married and moved out of my parents house) and so they belittled me even more and told me that if they wanted me to do something or started disapproving of my DH they’d tell me and I’d have to leave him because their word is law. My dad also stood up for me and it basically turned into a screaming match in their kitchen and I just sort of snuck outside to cry and get out of there. The next day after they started all this drama my grandfather called my mother and attacked her for not raising me right (because I stood up to him and apparently that makes me bad) and my mom just sort of brushed him off. He also asked my mom for my phone number so he could call me and “apologize,” which unsurprisingly never happened. I didn’t attend thanksgiving with them because we usually go to my Dads Family then I go to my DH’s family’s, but my mom decided to go see them. It ended up just being her and them there and my grandfather and his wife spent the whole time telling her how awful me and my dad were and that he and I were so mean to them at my wedding. My grandfather’s wife told my mom that I told her to sit down that I wouldn’t be seen in pictures with her and was rude to her the whole, which was completely untrue. Conveniently they forgot about the day before DH and I got married they threw such a fit over having"
1750,"AITA for asking the In Laws to forgo gifts all together and explaining why? Every year they ask us what we/the kids want for Christmas. And every year we give them specific requests from the kids and every year they completely ignore the requests and send useless items. It’s gotten to the point where we just ask them not to send us anything because we travel instead of doing a big gift giving. Last year they insisted on a list from the kids. I told them that since we were doing a big trip to Disney World, Disney gift cards would be awesome as we can do something awesome with/for the girls. What did they send? Some left over fairground stuffed animals and a slushee maker. Now before I sound ungrateful, we would truly be fine if they didn’t send anything....the issue is 1) when we ask the kids to make Christmas lists, it creates an expectation that they will receive something and 2) when the In Laws say that they will get xx gift, we don’t get it. If we knew they weren’t getting it, we’d have gotten it from the kids instead. This is a several year long occurrence, on top of continuing to spell my oldest daughter’s name wrong...insisting we drive 12 hours to visit them with a toddler in tow...driving through our town for camping trips but calling us weeks later to mention that they happened to pass by our exit. Yet we live too far for a visit. Am I the Asshole for not wanting to bother to indulge them with lists from the kids?"
1751,"AITA for yelling at my trashy and disrespectful dad? My dad has an... extremely trashy taste in humor (and everything else). There's really no nice way to say it. I was doing homework in the living room, and he walked over to me and said ""look at this"", then proceeded to show me a video of a monkey masturbating. I found it really disgusting and legitimately disturbing to watch, like I know some people here might find that funny but either way I hope you agree it's really not something for a father to show his daughter... I started yelling at him to stop showing me that nasty shit immediately. He walked away hurt and angry. He's always pissed off at me for days for rejecting his garbage. He says I don't know how to take a joke and that even if I don't find it funny it's not a reason to yell at him. I feel like an asshole for yelling. He also brings up sexual concepts a lot. Once he didn't want to say the word ""vagina"" (the context was originally medical not sexual), so he just motioned cunnilingus with his hands and tongue. My mother and I just looked at each other and cringed. We knew if we told him that wasn't appropriate he'd just be pissed off for a really long time. He doesn't refer to female homosexuals as lesbians, but as ""pussy licking girls"" (came up in a non-sexual conversation about a woman who happened to be gay). Just an example of the shit he does and thinks is appropriate. One weird thing about him is that he refuses to accept that I'm an adult, which I suppose is normal for a lot of parents. I do live with my parents, something that my mother and I have arranged while I'm still in school. I take care of certain bills, I do my fair share. My dad has a habit of walking up to my and tickling me or smacking my butt and I always tell him to fuck off and treat me like an adult. It's an instant reaction, I really can't help it, I just get so mad when he does that shit. With the tickling, his response is ""you'll miss it when I stop doing it"" and with the butt smacking it's ""I'm your father, it isn't sexual, stop being so easily hurt"". He usually storms out and gets mad at me and says ""you can't even let me show you affection?"", sometimes guilt-tripping me about the fact that I consider him a bad father and he thinks that not allowing him to violate my boundaries means I'm not giving him a chance at being a good father. I don't know how to describe the outbursts. I really feel like I hurt him in some horrible and deep way with the way he acts. He cries, talks about how I never respected him, talks about how my mother brainwashed me against him, and so on. On one level, I know what he's doing isn't"
1752,AITA For not wanting to tell my parents my final Year 12 score? So my parents paid for all 13 years of my (private) school fees and they believe they have a right to know my big final year 12 score that will decide the next year of my life. I don’t want to tell them - it’s an extremely personal number I feel and I want to be the only person to know. I also expect it’s gonna be extremely low so that’s another reason why I don’t wana share to anyone (they also expect this but I wouldn’t want to give them confirmation). Am I the Asshole?
1753,"AITA for asking my friend to use his account I want to watch the premier league using my friends optus account as they have the television rights in Australia. I'm with telstra and pay $30 a month for my phone plan, and if you spend more than $40 a month on a phone plan with optus you are eligible to watch the premier league with your account. I don't want to switch to optus and pay more, when he could just let me use the account. He doesn't want to give me the account because he uses the same password for his other accounts so I asked him if he could change it and these were his reasons: 1. I don't like giving accounts 2. I use it and dunno things like can 2 people watch at once 3. I have to pay for it 4. You would actually give me shit for having a good phone now you want one of its features 5. I'm lazy and I cant be fucked changing the password 6. Again I don't like giving out accounts The majority of the games I will be watching will go from 2am till 4am, so he would not be using it at that time. I cannot see a good reason why he won't let me borrow the account to watch soccer with. Am I the asshole for being annoyed at him? EDIT: I should add, because I've only just remembered, that he used to regularly use my Spotify account and I had no problem with it."
1754,"AITA for asking my friend not to smoke right next to me? So a little backstory: I'm really anti-smoking. This schoolyear a bunch of new students were put into my class because we were the smallest class in our grade, hence I made some new friends! Whilst I was waiting for the buss with 2 of my new friends one of them pulls out a cigarette. I was a bit surprised first since I didn't know he smoked and immediately asked him to put it out or, if he absolutely had to smoke, walk away from me and our other friend until he was done. He walked away and smoked his cigarretes, I couldn't tell if he seemed offended or not but our other friend seemed to be really uncomfortable with my reaction. I didn't go on a rant or anything about the fact that I absolutely HATE cigarettes, and there didn't come anything else out of it. Am I the asshole?"
1755,"Aita the asshole for cutting ties with family? Since I came out things have been going down hill I’ve been cussed out thrown ,out , and ignored completely. I went to this wedding and no one not a single soul said a word to me the whole day / night . Am I the asshole for not wanting to deal with there bs anymore and not be treated like shit ?"
1756,"WIBTA if I sat in the back row of a cinema and texted or email’ed during a movie? I get a lot of texts and emails from work during my day off and it really stresses me out, thinking about my very impatient coworkers cursing me for not responding to all their whims on the minute. If it happens in the middle of a movie it’ll just eat at me until I get up and find out what the problem is, and then respond if it’s of any real urgency. The volume and ringer would be off, and the screen would be at minimum brightness, (but that’s still still pretty bright in a dark room). The only reason I think this would be ok is that I’m in the absolute back row, so no one is directly behind me. So is it ok for me to deal with these things in the back row instead of leaving the theatre?"
1757,"AITA for single handily destroying this artists business? There is a tattoo artist that I follow on IG. He is extremely talented, and I’m a huge fan of his work. I’m an artist myself, so I like to support other artists trying to make a living. He is pretty widely followed, with 50K followers on IG. I noticed that he was selling flash sheets. I sent him a DM and told him that I was interested in buying one. He linked me to his BigCartel page, and I purchased a print. Told him transaction was completed, and he said he would box it and ship it right away! I left it alone, and about 3 weeks later, sent him a DM asking about it. He said “that’s weird. It should have shipped. Let me check. Oh sorry. I forgot! Let me ship it now. I’ll throw in some stickers! Sorry dude!” No problem. Shit happens. Another month goes by, I hit him up again, and he says that something is “weird with transit.” And he will “ship another one.” Okay. Whatever. Another month and i ask again. No response. It’s now been 6 months and I’m starting to get pissed. I get a DM from a random user on IG asking if I had purchased art from this user, but not received it. I said yes. They informed me that they were also in the same boat, as well as 50+ people. I became furious, and contacted the artist and called him out. He began to call me a **liar** and say that I received the art, and that I just wanted free shit. I began an investigation and contacted the other people. After I took screen shots of the 30+ people I spoke with, confirming that he ripped them off for hundreds to thousands of dollars, I posted it on my IG, tagged him, and put him on blast. I follow him on a ghost account. He makes new posts advertising new art and says “COMMENT IF YOU WANT IT!” And I’ll personally message anyone who comments advising them not to buy. And if they have already purchased, I’ll advise them to get a refund. I’ve been doing this for the past month, and he has noticed. He sent me a message crying saying that he has lost so much revenue over the past few weeks that he can barely afford rent, bla bla bla. “Please stop. I’ll send you whatever you want.” Someone else told me I should just let it go. I’m sorry, but in my eyes he’s a fucking thief. Reap what you sow. Am I the asshole for viciously coming for his “clients” and stopping at nothing to make sure he starves to death before ripping someone else off? TLDR; buy art from seemingly cool dude, never sent art. Turns out he is a con artist. I now personally stop at nothing to make sure he receives zero new business. **Edit** this is my throw away so I don’t care about karma. I genuinely wanted to know"
1758,"AITA for blowing up on a person that I've been trying to help better as a person for over the course of four years? Sit back and ready the popcorn, because I've been thinking about it for a little while. **Edit; included more information that I foolishly left out to the comment that tops the comment section.** So, there's this guy, let's just call him Barney. He's one strange fellow, and not in a good way. Barney was a guy who was extremely hypocritical and doesn't even seem to know what he says half the time, labeling his own words with his own definitions and expecting us to read his mind. He blows things out of proportion when they don't need to be, shows his anger by calling everyone ""bruh,"" ""nigga,"" and most infamously, just saying ""k"" and ""w/e"" over and over again. --- **Example:** *I'm playing Counter Strike: Global Offensive, in a 5 man lobby, the maximum size a lobby can be if you want to play a ranked competitive game.* Barney: ""bruh you cant even drop an inv? ..."" Me: ""Whaddya mean? I already planned to play with these guys, and they only had one more space anyway. Sorry."" Barney: ""k kid you were on earlier?"" Me: ""Well, there's not really a point in throwing an invite if the lobby is full."" Barney: ""w/e kid i'm not even gonna try with you"" Barney: ""im out"" Barney: ""bye felicia"" --- ***Example 2:*** **some argument about me mentioning his name in a question** Barney: ""nah dude you the type to snitch"" Me: ""How am I supposed to be a 'snitch' if I'm just trying to find an answer to a question that wouldn't have made sense if I didn't include your name in it?"" Barney: ""nah bruh my spidey senses are telling me of a snitch"" Me: ""So you're literally calling the person who's stuck by you for years on end off, and calling him a snitch in the process?"" Barney: ""What? I didn't say you were a snitch"" Me: ""You literally just labeled me as a snitch, you said ""**insert the two quotes above**."" Barney: ""Nah bruh I said you were the **type** to snitch, not a **snitch** lol"" As if that even makes any sense? What the fuck? That literally makes zero sense. You literally just tried to pull some Obi-Wan shit on me, like ""this is not the word you thought it was."" --- Stuff like this was what made many people grow tired of him and shoo him out of friend groups, or even just straight up muted/blocked/banned on social media gatherings and such. People didn't want anything to do with this arrogant, sippy-straw visioned fuck that was full of himself, and every time I mention his name in any of my friend groups, they all groan as if I just shouted the most horrific shit within the voice channel. --- ""But OP,"" you may ask, ""if he's such an asshole and treats almost everybody this way, why didn't you cut relations with him earlier?"" Well, the thing"
1759,"AITA for trying to keep my long hair? A little backstory: I'm a guy who's had short hair all his childhood. When I entered high school, I really wanted to try to switch things up by letting my hair grow out to the point where I **didn't** have to cut it every month or so. I liked the wind in my hair (along with the new look), and it met with positive feedback, as when asking my friends, 90% of my buddies said that it suited me as a person more, that they liked the bangs that swiveled around, and the floof that came up whenever a gust of wind. I've kept it up until now as a sophomore in college. --- Now, I'm not saying I don't ever want to cut it, since I don't want to walk around with hair that matches those stereotypical hardcore metal bands with the lead singer having the ability to cover his neck from the front to the back with his hair, but I do like to keep it a little longer than usual, where it kind of covers my ears and my bangs can cover my eyes to my lips. I do use some bobby pins at times when I have the case of bad hair day, or if a bang refuses to stick to the side. Otherwise, I enjoy it a lot! I like the new look, I'm happy with how it feels, and how I can have something to fidget with when my phone dies. I'll post pictures upon request, if necessary. --- However, while I and my buddies are on board with the less frequent haircuts, my mother and father really don't like it. I'm in an Asian household, and if it's one thing my parents fear, it's something they're not used to. Almost every day, my parents tell me off, saying things like **""I don't even want to look at you, you give me stress I don't need,""** or **""I don't even know if I'm raising a man or a woman anymore,""** or **""If you really want to help your parents out, cut your fucking hair.""** Their statements go against what they said to me when I first started growing out my hair, which was **""If you can take care of your hair so it won't look like a rooster's roost, then fine, you can keep growing it out. Just make sure it isn't growing to your waist or something.""** Not too hard, since my hair naturally falls, and only will poof up if I use too much shampoo to the point where it dries out for a little bit. However, my parents are the only people that appear to be actively disapproving my lengthier hair, and use it in a lot of arguments as a foothold/starter that usually end in the focus of me not being able to listen to people. AITA for going against my parents' wishes, or am I not the asshole for just liking how I look?"
1760,"AITA for not wanting to split the holiday? Long story short is my side of the family only celebrates 4th of July and Thanksgiving. My husband's family celebrates everything else, and I mean EVERYTHING. There is at least 1 family party every other month throughout the year. Last year was the first time we tried splitting thanksgiving and it just was no fun for me. This year my family has asked me to provide the desserts so I just want go go over there since both dinners start at the same time and the locations are an hour apart from each other. My husband can't/won't make up his mind on what he wants to do even suggesting to spend the holiday apart. He feels guilty for not going to his family's Thanksgiving since we haven't been to one in awhile aside from the half day we spent there last year. I get it, but his mother is literally hosting a Christmas eve party in less than a month, and we are also expected to be at her house Christmas morning. So am I the asshole for wanting my husband to be with me at my familie's Thanksgiving?"
1761,"AITA for finding humor in controversial topics? My best friend and I tend to share opinions on most controversial/hot button/political topics. We have recently come into conflict on how we approach our opinions though. My friend is very passionate about topics like these, and reads up on them frequently. If she gets started, she can talk for hours about these topics, and she is very quick to stand up for what she thinks is right. I, on the other hand, am a lot more lax on these kind of things. My style of jokes tend to involve a lot of sarcasm, satire, and black humor. It's what I grew up with. I rarely read up on many of the current headlines as I'm not interested in politics, and I'm more involved in issues that are closer to myself. More and more recently, my friend has been calling me out on my humor, following up with many lectures as to why what I said was wrong or offensive. I was beginning to feel attacked, so I decided to address the situation. I explained to her that when she calls me out like that, it makes me feel like I'm a terrible person for having those views, and that it was hurtful, and I suggested that we try to avoid these types of topics in future conversations in order to not put any more strain on our friendship. We do get along real well otherwise. I admit some of my wording may have not been the best as I described to her what I meant, suggesting that she was oversensitive and obsessed with making things PC. Her reply was to tell me that if I felt like a bad person because of my views, that I could change. She then went on to point out some of the things I've said in the past that have hurt her. She then called me selfish and bigoted (the latter an insult that has really been bothering me.). Nothing was concluded from our conversation, and she ended it telling me that she was glad we had this talk. The few times I have seen her since this specific conversation, she has acted like nothing has happened. I personally feel reluctant to continue our friendship. Am I the asshole? (I did this on mobile, so fingers crossed the formatting is okay)"
1762,"AITA: I blocked a friend on snapchat after she direct sent me photos of her and her boyfriend making out. So I have this friend in her mid 20's who is one week into a relationship. She even posted on Facebook ""happy one-week-versary, babe!"" Great. Congratulations. Awesome. After that she began direct sending Snapchat photos of her and her boyfriend making out. Said photos were not even on her story. She has no story in existence at the moment. I replied back and told her to stop sending me these photos. I don't wish to see them. But she didn't listen. So I blocked her. Now she's calling me out as a heartless asshole who is judging her and her relationship. Sorry, but when you open your relationship to judgment, judgment is what you're going to get."
1763,"AITA For wanting to drop out of college even though my mum loses extra welfare? First off, this is UK college. I’m a first year IT student and even though I love the subject, I hate college and being there. I have long and serious history with mental health and I personally don’t feel college is in my best interest this year. My life is at a complete crossroads and I just don’t think I can balance the whole college thing with my passion for work and terrible sleep. I spoke to my lecturers today and they agree that if I don’t want to be at college, then why am I there? When talking to my mother about this, she went psycho and said I’m being inconsiderate and selfish because if I were to drop out she loses a large amount of her benefits, going on to say we’d have to move and I’d have to pay the entire rent. Am I the asshole?"
1764,"AITA My friend doesn't return support So my both me and my friend are musicians and both write music. We're also in a band. So whenever he writes a song I'm always very complimentary of it even if I don't like it. A strange thing happened today though. I posted a song I'd wrote and it's like it triggered him. He hasn't even liked or mentioned my song but he sent me and the drummer of our band a song that he wrote today, saying its the best thing hes ever written. Its actually like hes trying to make it a competition or something. I just wonder why someone who is supposed to be my friend would treat me like this, am I an asshole for expecting a little support?"
1765,"AITA for pressing the pedestrian crossing button when there are no cars Okay so little backstory my school has traffic lights outside of the school cause there are probably around 300-500 kids who need to cross the road to go home or get picked up (big school) So sometimes I get picked up really late, like 20-30 minutes after school ends and sometimes out of habit I press the crossing button when there are no cars around even though I just walk pass anyways. So usually after I walk pass the light turns red for cars like expected and there is usually a car who needs to pass and is stopped by a red light. Am I the asshole for doing this? If this is sorta unclear please tell me, first time posting here."
1766,"AITA for feeling like my ex was an asshole for breaking up with me because of my depression? I am 25F, he is 26M. We dated for 2 months. I told him before we even started seeing each other that I go through periods of rough depression and anxiety. He said he cares about me and is willing to stick by me should another episode occur. We happily date until about 3 weeks ago. Cut to me actually having a depressive episode. He leaves me, saying he's ""not strong enough"" to deal with it. He says he cares deeply about me; even the prospects of a FWB situation (that I offer) isn't realistic because he just can't avoid his strong feelings for me. He got back on the dating site we met on less than 2 weeks after he broke up with me. I'm torn between understanding not everyone is cut out for dating someone with depression, and thinking he's an immature asshole for making it sound like he was supportive when really he was looking for a way out the second my mental health inconvenienced him. Am I the asshole for expecting him to have stood by my side?"
1767,"AITA for not feeling happy in my relationship because of my GF's views on weed? So me and my girlfriend have been together for about 9 months and I really love her so I feel really bad about this. Basically, at the start of our relationship, I mentioned that I like smoking weed once in a while (really not that frequent, maybe twice a month or something) and while she didn't particularly like it, she said it's alright as long as I don't overdo it. Well, about two months later she started getting really, really upset about the whole thing. She basically told me that she always hated it and more or less pressured me into quitting. Now, quitting isn't really that much of a problem for me. It's not like I really miss it or anything. The problem is that I just can't deal with the fact that she's totally misinformed on the issue and keeps spouting BS about it. She acts like I was shooting up heroin or something. I've always tried my best to remain quiet but it's getting very frustrating. I would never break my promise and I had plenty chances to do so while she was out of the country for a week, for example. Of course I didn't do it because it'd be a really shitty thing to do. I just want her to understand and respect my free choice of what I put into my own body. I want her to stop worrying and understand that it's not physically dangerous, especially when she's okay with alcohol. However, I feel like an asshole about it. I don't know why I just can't let it go."
1768,"WIBTA Would I be the asshole if I spoke to my neighbor about the construction projects going on at his house? My fiancée and I live in a townhouse divided into two apartments. On one side is us, and on the other side is our neighbor Barry. For about 6 weeks now, Barry has been doing construction on his side of the townhouse. The problem is that all of the sound of the construction (hammering, drilling, etc.) bleeds through the shared wall of the building. We're not sure if Barry is doing any of the actual construction work, or if he's paying people to do it, because we've only run into other people taking breaks outside of his side of the apartment. But regardless of who is doing the construction, they typically start around 8 AM, making all kinds of construction noise, talking loudly, and sometimes playing music. My fiancée and I are busy people. We're both currently working 2 jobs each, and value all of the rest that we can get. Most mornings the sounds don't bother us that much because we should be getting up for work around that time, so it all works out. Most mornings the worst thing about it is trying to talk to each other over the noise, but it does keep us from sleeping in if we have a morning off. And they're always done working by the time we get home in the late evening. The straw that finally broke the camel's back with me is that they started up on construction this morning, Thanksgiving morning, at 8 AM. I know that not everyone has thanksgiving off, or really treats it like a holiday. But at the same time, it feels really rude to just keep on going with your construction projects and waking up your neighbors on a holiday. Some additional background: Barry works for our state's department of transportation, and works irregular days/hours as far as we can tell. Barry has always been super helpful and friendly to us while we've lived here (11 months). He used his snowblower to clear our portion of the alley during the last snowstorm, he's willing to lend us tools to fix up things around our apartment, things like that. I don't want to speak to him about this if it seems like a minor issue I should just let go off. I'd hate to burn that bridge over being woken up too early on a holiday. (Both my fiancée and I work retail as our second jobs, so there is no other day off for us this weekend). I do also understand that home renovations suck, and the longer they go on for, the more they suck, and the more difficult it is to live in your house, so I can understand wanting to keep the process moving to have a house you are comfortable in. So would I be the asshole for talking to Barry about his construction and how sometimes the sounds of it disrupts our lives on the other side of the"
1769,"AITA for not wanting to spend my Thanksgiving hearing about family friend’s new love life for various reasons We frequently spend Thanksgiving with family friends who are very unique, yet caring people. I like them but in small doses. They talk about themselves all the time and are braggarts. But they have been there for our family in our darkest times and vice versa. One member of the family is divorced. To be honest, her ex was an utter asshole. But she is also VERY high maintenance and can be difficult to please/deal with. She hadn’t dated for a few years until my sister and I helped her sign up for a dating site and now she’s found someone that she loves, though she is super demanding and critical of him. This is our first Thanksgiving to spend without one of my parents because of their recent passing. So I’m already feeling low because of that. To add insult to injury, my boyfriend and I just broke up two weeks ago, so I am doubly down in the dumps. I do have much to be thankful for. And I am. Truly. I am healthy, I have a good job, loving family and so much more. I am just DREADING the next few hours with these family friends. They are typically draining but something that I can handle every once in a while. In my weakened state, I feel like I will be a mess. Others in my family have already warned me that our newly in love friend talks non-stop about her new love. And is super graphic with her discussion of their sexual activity. She frequently overpowers conversations and makes everything about herself on a normal basis. I am happy for her. I do believe there is someone for everyone. And I am happy that she’s found that someone. All things considered though...I’m super weary about the upcoming dinner. Am I the asshole for feeling low? Am I the asshole for not wanting to entertain her incessant conversation about her new love based on my own loss? I wish I could bow out of the dinner completely but that’s probably pretty unlikely."
1770,"AITA for asking someone to not butt into a conversation? I had just finished a round of golf where we played behind a group for the last 6 or so holes. These guys started an hour ahead of us and we caught up to them on the 13th hole. Once we caught up, the wait became ridiculous and we had to wait for 20 minutes on each hole. We finished our round in the dark. We finished in 4.5 hours on a wide open course and this was the only group ahead of us on the course. They would not even let us play through. Long story short, tempers were running hot amongst my foursome when we were done. As we were returning our carts, we saw one of the people from the group at a distance. I remarked to one of my friends, ""I hope someone teaches these assholes some golf etiquette."" The guy was out of earshot. Anyways, the cart attendant who came by to pick up the cart overhears us talking and starts going off about how we should be thankful that we were able to finish the round in 4 hours (which was incorrect). I ignored him the first time but he kept repeating the line. So here is how the conversation goes.. Me: ""Hey bud, we are talking amongst ourselves here and not really looking for your opinion"" Attendant : ""I cannot stand by while you abuse another patron"" Me: ""That guy is not even in earshot and this is just a conversation between me and my friends"" Attendant: ""He could have heard you"" Me: ""Well he did not and I was not even addressing him"" Attendant: ""What if he heard you but decided to ignore it because he is a better person than you"" Me: ""I don't see why you feel the need to have an opinion on a conversation that you over heard and that has nothing to do with you"" Attendant: ""I am trying to protect the other patron from you.I cannot have people fighting on my course"" Me: ""Nobody is fighting anybody..."" So on and so forth."
1771,"AITA for telling my friends that my mom is racist? So i got a holiday job at a factory thanks to my moms boyfriend. I told A friend of mine of a different race about how well they pay and he asked if i could ask if they needed any more there. I just told him that they usually do and that he should apply. He did and he after he got a call he also asked if me and him could work the same shift so we dont both have to drive there for 20 minuted each. The guy on the phone was really nice and said oh sure np. Well i told my mom about it and her only reaction was ""well that was audacious/rude of him to just ask for that,but what do you expect from those people"". Before that i kinda didnt know my mom was racist so that really shocked me. I told ... well all my friends about it. But i also told my mom that i told them because i guess im just an honest Idiot. Now my mom is pissed at me for ""taking family trash to friends"". Now i would also like to mention that whenever i did something embarassing or stupid my mom would tell it to the while family at family events. To the point where i begged her to stop talking about my embarassing things. Well she continued. Edit: i was like 10 when that happened and im 19 now. Her justification is that thats different because they are family and family is forever and my friends are just people to her."
1772,"AITA for expecting my SO to drop their casual weekend plans to drive me to work while my car is on the shop? Backstory: we have been living together for over a year now. I am a full time student and work 4/5 days a week, my SO works a 9-5 and goes hiking or participates in some sort of outdoor activity almost every weekend with the same person. I usually don’t join, we have separate lives and give each other space, but enjoy our time together when we can. My SO has had their wallet stolen 2 times in the last year, so they asked me to lend them money while the bank issued a refund, and they got a physical copy of a card, etc. I didn’t even hesitate to lend them the money. I have no problems doing favors to make their lives easier. My SO paid me back when they got the money. My car recently started having issues, and it was like pulling teeth to get my SO to follow behind me to the shop. Glad they did, because my car broke down in the middle of the intersection. I have to work all weekend. I’m pretty sure my SO has plans to go hiking all weekend. I have to work. Am I the asshole for expecting them to rearrange their plans just for one weekend? If I uber to work and back each day, it’ll cost me a total of $90, instead of him just doing it for free. TLDR; I bend over backwards for my SO, and now I need assistance. My car is broken down and I expect my SO to drop their plans with friends. Am I the asshole? ** **EDIT** for anyone saying I probably have a “shitty old broken down car” I don’t. My car is 2 years old and well taken care of."
1773,"AITA For Not Wanting My Mother to Go Out Late at Night Consistently? This may seem a little bizarre, and I'm giving out some information that I'm not comfortable with saying on my main, which is why I'm using a throwaway. To provide background info, my mother worked as a publicist up until a year ago, when she quit her job without my say in it and made us move to a sketchy apartment with drug addicts and homeless people lining the sidewalks around us, as well as a pub next to us that has the occasional unsavory character. As a kid, transitioning from a nicer neighborhood with families and easy access to stores to a much worse area is incredibly jarring, and I feel unsafe in this newer place. Recently, my mother has been going out at night to ""hang out with her friends"" until 2 or 3 in the morning. She always tells me she'll be back before midnight, and never does. When I question her on it, she complains that I don't let her go out often enough. What's upsetting me is that I've made it clear with her that I'm ok with it, so long as it's not every other day, since I don't like spending time in this unit alone, especially on ground floor next to an alleyway filled with addicts and homeless people, with a bar on the other side of me. And yet, she still complains that all I want to do is keep her locked up in this apartment, which isn't my intention. But it's only natural for me to be worried if she comes home so late at night and so often. To me, she seems irresponsible. This isn't her teenage years, she's had plenty of time to do these shenanigans before she had me. And with having a kid comes a certain responsibility, which she's been failing to uphold recently. She acts like a child, whining about how I won't let her go out with her friends to have drinks until 3am. Am I the Asshole? Or is my mother simply too immature to raise a kid? Edit: I'm 14 yrs old"
1774,"AITA for using my garage door in the middle of the night? I prefer to keep my car in the garage because it is more convenient for me, especially if it snows. I could keep it out on my driveway. 3 times a week I will leave for the gym around 3am and get back around 5am. The garage door isn't very quiet but it's not crazy loud and screechy either. I live in a semi-detached house. Nobody has ever complained, I just wanted to know what the sub thinks."
1775,"AITA for blocking this guy? I was walking in the streets of Cali when some middle aged guy stopped me and started to talk about where he could get a cheap apartment in the area/if it was a good area to live in. Now I'm Asian, 23 years of age and straight as can be. Honestly Im a bit of a hermit/depressed fellow but am eager to help so I gave my honest opinion. We then talked a bit and the topic moved to business (finance) and i found we had similar career interests so he said he could hook me up with some connections for a job. Now, since this guy seemed ok and was genuinely trying to help we exchanged numbers. Then things started getting fishy. He then showed me some texts to a friend about how good looking this other asian guy was (even though the main topic of the texts was something else, i saw them discussing it after) which led me to believe the guy was gay. Nothing wrong with it, but it kinda made me feel this guy had some ulterior motive. A few years ago when I was in really good shape I got a lot of attention from both guys and girls lol so I got pretty good at figuring out who's gay or not. However, I've since then pretty much deteriorated in looks and fitness and I've become pretty invisible or ""average"" so I didn't expect a gay guy to just come up to me. Anyways, the guy then found an excuse to pull my arm... it wasnt blatant but what straight man would touch another man he just met lol. He then gave me a piece of gum and offered me to sit a little while in his car. After this i left cause I was like the fuck dude. Man, the guy kept saying he'll help me with connections but I was super paranoid. Was I correct in bolting off? I blocked the dudes number immediately lmao."
1776,"AITA for saying no to someone who asked for a favor after spilling their emotions to me? A girl I havent spoken to since high school (6 years) messaged me saying she was thinking about me the other day and wanted to ""catch up."" She proceeds to then explain her relationship problems of her boyfriend not wanting her to have male friends but her best friend is a guy and she lied to her bf saying her best friend is a girl so she can hang out with him. She then asks me if I can pretend to be the girl and meet her boyfriend to gain the trust so she can go hang out with her best guy friend. I said No. I refuse to get involved in someones drama. Especially someone I havent spoken to in years. I told her to be honest and deal with the fact that she butchered his trust but also is in a controling relationship. Am I the asshole for not helping her keep her boyfriend?"
1777,"AITA for not wanting to ""share"" a ham... I host Thanksgiving dinner every year. This year, we were supposed to have 20. I always also plan for leftovers as most of the family lives out of town and stays at my mother's house. So I make enough for that many people to eat, plus enough for leftover dinners for at least 1 night. At the last minute, 2 canceled, so I made enough for 20 and leftovers for 17. My husband smoked TWO 10lb turkeys. I made: sweet potatoes, 2 green bean casseroles (one with fried jalapenos,) broccoli cheese/rice casserole, mac n' cheese, pasta salad, homemade stuffing, stove top, roasted carrots, shrimp ring, ""relish"" plate, deviled eggs, salad, 4 pumpkin pies, 2 cheese cakes, and 1 oreo pudding dessert. My brother's GF brought mashed potatoes, and a green bean casserole. My cousin who comes in works in an amazing ham store. Each year, they bring a 15lb ham. This year, they sold out so her boss allowed everyone to have 2 10lb hams. Dinner time, EVERYTHING gets put out and only 1 of the hams, we didn't have room for both on the counter, so we (mom, me, cousin) decided to pull it out when ham1 was gone. The other is in my fridge. At the end of the night, turkey is almost gone, and ham1 has a little left. I divide up all the food. My mom takes what is left of the ham since she has 7 people staying with her. What little of the turkey that's left, I send with my brother. I divide everything else up accordingly and send everyone home with at least 2 grocery bags with containers of food. My brother, promptly leaves to go shopping with his GF, and leaves her daughter here. They come back at 9pm. I send them with their food and go to bed. This morning, I talk to my mom and tell her that I didn't let anyone know there was another ham. I plan on using it for dinner tonight and tomorrow, and I have 2 of my cousin's boys (college wrestlers who eat a whole day's worth of what I eat in 1 sitting.) So I figured I'd just use it. My cousin said, ""You decide what to do with it."" Today, mom called and told me that she told my brother's GF that I had a whole ham that ""I didn't know about"" (so as to not have her pissed) but to come by and I'd give her half. So, am I the asshole for being a bit pissed about the whole thing? It's not like I didn't share leftovers, I just chose to keep an EXTRA ham since I paid for everything, spent the last 2 weeks prepping the house, and made everything. I figured this way I wouldn't have to cook a protein since all the turkey and other ham were eaten/sent with others."
1778,"AITA for not wanting to buy an iPhone X for my girlfriends brother who lives on the other side of the world? Apparently it's cheaper to buy the iPhone X here, so he's considering asking me to buy it and he'll pay me back, in cash when I visit over Christmas. I said I don't want to do it that way, send me the money and I'll buy it no problem. To me this doesn't even need an explanation but I don't want to keep over 1k in cash on me and would feel much better keeping it safe in the bank. This has caused a big argument with my girlfriend who asked 'would you do it for me?' And I said probably not for the same reasons. What's the problem about sending the money first?"
1779,"AITA for getting pissed that my MIL buys gifts for my wife that I was going to buy? First post here, so here goes. This is mine and my wife’s 2nd Christmas together, so the family dynamics aren’t really set yet regarding the holidays. For the past couple months, my mother in law has been asking me what I’m getting my wife for Christmas, so I have told her a few things. Just today I found out that she was really asking (in a totally shitty way) for ideas for her to get for my wife. I’m pissed and I don’t want to say anything to anyone for fear of causing trouble at Christmas. I’ve got all these ideas that I came up with myself and she feels just fine buying them for her right out from under me. I feel like if she wanted ideas she should have asked for ideas, then I could throw out some stuff that I maybe thought about but knew I wasn’t getting. But no, she asked what I’m getting her and then went out and bought many of those things. Am I the asshole for being pissed of by this?"
1780,"AITA or should there be a limit for how many times a person can use the ""Santa"" subs for help with Xmas? Full disclosure, I posted in a Santa sub last year for Xmas help. I am disabled and at the time,I was not receiving any disability benefits or government assistance even though I had applied for both. I got 5 gifts for my daughter, and we were super grateful for each and every gift. Fortunately for me, I just received approval for my disability benefits, plus back pay for nearly 3 years. One of the first things I did was sign up to be a gifter on the ""Santa"" subs to try and payback the goodwill that was shown to my family last year. While looking for a family to assist, I came across one family in particular who has posted asking for help for three years running. They've gotten gifts for their kids,as well as themselves, from fellow redditors for the past 3 Xmas's. I guess what grinds my gears, is in their post history's (mom posts in one sub,dad posts in the other), they have gotten new pets every year, constantly post in the gaming subs with the latest games, and without giving out too much info, seem to be doing okay by all accounts. Dad works, Mom is SAHM,and the kids all go to school. Until Xmas comes. Then there's a laundry list of reasons why they were going to be helpers this year,but then blah,blah,blah happened and now they are the ones who need help. Maybe I am just a natural cynic, but to me, if you can't get it together over 3 years to at least do ONE out of three Xmas's, without help from others, maybe its time to stop being a SAHM (whose kids are in school, btw) and get a part time job. I don't know,it kind off the wind out of my sails a bit as far as gifting goes. I am absolutely still going to help some people out, but the whole thing seems a bit less magical now."
1781,"AITA for unfriending this kid on an online game? I play an online game a lot at a pretty casual level, and because I'm not terribly skilled at the game, I tend to get randomly matched with younger players often. Enter B. B sends me a friend request after I compliment him on playing a character well while playing on a team together, so I accept to be polite and make a potential friend. He asks my age/gender so I tell him mine (19F) and come to find out that he is only 12. I don't really like keeping players on my friends list if I find out that they aren't at least 16 or so because they tend to be immature and I feel really weird if they decide to tell me super-personal information. B is no exception to this, but I decided to give it a chance. B tends to get really angry in-game and flame teammates despite being prone to making game-changing mistakes himself, and I have had to apologize for his behavior to other teammates before. He is also extremely clingy and does not seem to have many other friends to play with. He will just message me ""wanna play?"" and get super offended and pouty if I decline. This game in particular is not a super-social activity for me, so some days I just prefer to play alone or with friends who I am much closer to. I have tried integrating him into other friend groups in the past, and he sometimes ends up picking fights with other members. I now had no choice but to exclude him if I had already made plans to play with someone else. I did oblige to play with B alone every now and then, but things got to the point where I became convinced that he just sits around and waits for me to come online, which I am really uncomfortable with. I ended up playing on an alternate account for a couple of weeks just to dodge him because I didn't think it was worth confronting him about it. Another part of my reason for not wanting to play with B very often is that he's just not too much fun to talk to. I have tried to start conversations with B about life in general or about new features in the game, and his answers are often one word answers or super vague at best. Does that make me cold for not trying even harder to actually be his friend? I didn't want to make it weird though by asking him anything too personal with the age difference and all. Maybe he's just not great at holding a conversation because he's young, but it made me feel like he just wanted to use me to rank higher in the game. I feel like he doesn't have many friends irl because he is almost always online, nor in the game either since he seemed so obsessed with playing with me. That makes me feel really bad since I wasn't"
1782,AITA because I feel that it is not appropriate for my girlfriend to be naked when her sister is over at our apartment. She claims it is alright given that her sister has seen her naked many times.
1783,"AITA - For calling my good friend a “Colossal Bitch” Ok so here’s some backstory, I’ve been studying to be a mycologist because I think it’d be a fun side hobby or possibly even a profession, before I go to college or anything I’ve been taking some Mycology classes at a class near me. The only time slots they had for mycology were at night for class and early morning for field study, so I’ve been very tired lately. I haven’t made time for friends or parties. My one friend let’s give her a fake name... Sandra. So Sandra has been inviting me over for coffee, drinks and bar nights sometimes parties for the past few weeks, but I’ve been declining since I’m so tired all the time, the only days I’m free and well rested she seems to be working or have other plans, we’re just out of sync, on Tuesday last week I had a friend who was visiting, I had the day off and no classes so we went to the mall, I ran into Sandra and she said “OH! so now you have time!” I explained the situation but she was adamant on trying to make me put to be the asshole. She said I was ignoring her and was a terrible friend and then I called her a “colossal bitch” she scoffed and walked away. I’ve been trying to call her, it rings twice and goes to voicemail so I think she hates me now, am I the asshole? TL;DR: I’ve been busy studying and have been tired and when someone I know said I was a terrible friend for not making time for her I called her a colossal bitch... AITA?"
1784,"AITA For kissing my best friend's ex Girlfriend? So john, my best friend, and i have known each other for about 3 years. When we met we instantly became very good friends, present time, we are like brothers. John broke up with his Girlfriend(kathrine), about 4 months ago. They have however on rare occasions had drunk sex. So the episode happend about 3 weeks ago, while kathrine and i were at a party. She persuaded me to join her and a few of my friends were also there, so i said fuck it and went. When i arrived at the party i was already pretty fucked up from benzoes and weed, and kathrine wanted to dance with me. We ended up dancing for about 3 hours the dancing developed into some sort of dancing/dryhumping and at one point we kissed for like 2 seconds. I then left kathrine to get some air and clear my head(didn't work). Then we started dancing again and the same thing happend. When the party ended me, Kathrine and 2 of our friends went back to Kathrines place to sleep, and nothing happend there. So i want to ask u guys: Am a i asshole? and: Should i tell John about what happend or would that just ruin our friendship pointlessly?"
1785,"AITA for refusing to do another person's work so they get paid? At my work we had a recent turnover of management (Because of me) and now I'm the most experienced person in the room now. We have an excel based tool for quoting which is essential to our job but never works except under the strictest of circumstances. I've managed to figure out what needs to be set to what for it to work properly. One of my co-workers who is not familiar with computers at all is having trouble working with the tool. After going through this with him for a second time, I'm done with trying to help him because he's already refused to do it correctly in favor of the older method that doesn't provide all the information to get paid for doing it. (Total Estimated Value) I'm thinking I should do it for him since he doesn't know what the hell he's doing but I also told him to do it the right way and he refused, telling me ""The new way is stupid."" Now he's not going to get paid his commission because he never calculated this amount and he's pissed off and irritating the hell out of me. It's like a kid who does something poorly just so he's not forced to do it again. I don't think I'm the asshole for this. (despite the name) but because of my seniority should I take the leads and help to be a team player?"
1786,"AITA for not cleaning up after Thanksgiving dinner? Ill get right to it. My sister, mom, and dad cook the food on thanksgiving. My two brothers and I clean (we are all 18-22, perfectly capable of cleaning). Any guests are free to relax. Thats how it has always gone for as long as I can remember and everyone is fine with it. This year I had the idea to raise the stakes and make a game out of the dishes. My brothers and I each rolled a dice, lowest number cleans EVERYTHING. Everyone thought it would be a fun idea and agreed to the rules so we did it. I roll a 6, brother A rolls a 4, brother B rolls a 1. Brother B has to do all the dishes by himself. Immediately my Dad is saying brother A and I should roll again so there can be a helper. Brother A and I protest, saying thats not what we agreed to 30 seconds ago. My sister, mom, and brother B eventually wear us down and we roll again. I again roll a 6 (which I might have celebrated a little to hard at), brother A rolls a 3. This is where things start to get dicey. Brother B does literally nothing for about 10 minutes, basically watching as Brother A does all of the work. Eventually my dad gets upset that they are taking so long, and demands we all do the dishes together. Uh-uh, I am not having it. Brother B never should have had any help, and it was all fun and games until he lost and then refused to clean on his own, or with a helper. I took the dog for a walk so I wouldn't start a fight and I didn't wash anything. My whole family minus brother A has been somewhat angry ever since. Brother A finds the whole situation as ridiculous as I do and motivated me to post here. Am I the asshole for simply abiding by the rules that all parties agreed on?"
1787,"AITA for keeping my neighbor’s cat in my house at night? A few months ago, I went to let my cat inside, and this kitten followed him in. He went straight to the food dish and ate an entire can of food. He was pretty thin, and didn’t have a collar, and seemed pretty hungry, so I let him eat and hang out for a little while before letting him out. Since then, I’ve recently figured out that he belongs to my neighbor. Nonetheless, he comes inside once in a while and eats before going home. He and my cat get along really well, and my neighbors are cool with it because at least they know where he is. But lately, he’s been showing up really late at night (like 1:00-2:00am). When I look over at my neighbor’s house, the lights are all off, and it’s starting to get really cold at night, so I’ve just been letting him stay the night and shipping him out in the morning. Except my neighbors are really peeved about it. They claim that they wake up in the morning and try to get him in, and then they get nervous when they can’t. They seem to be fine with him stopping by for a snack and a play date, but spending the night is not okay. So, what do I do? Do I shoo this cat outside in the middle of a winter night and *hope* they let him in? Or am I doing the right thing by keeping him inside? TL;DR: Neighbor’s cat comes over, sometimes late at night. I let him stay the night instead of putting him out in the cold, but neighbors get mad because they can’t find him."
1788,"AITA for not wanting to go on holiday for 3 weeks with my boyfriend’s housemate? My boyfriend and I just booked A holiday in June with two of our other friends. His housemate had expressed interest in going to the same destination this summer, but we had never spoke about going together nor did we invite him. I had put a online the flight details which the housemate screen shotted and tonight he booked the same flights alone without telling us as a sort of surprise. I got angry and asked him why would he do that, this was our holiday nobody asked you to come. My boyfriend also doesn’t want him to come but he doesn’t want to cause conflict so will try and just put up with it for the 3 weeks. My boyfriend is asking me to just do the same. I want to tell him to either cancel his flight, or find somebody else to spend 3 weeks with or else I am cancelling my flight. Worth noting that the housemate actually owns the house. Very awkward situation to be in, if we offend him my boyfriend may not have a place to live. Housemate can be horrible towards my boyfriend As he know he can get away with it. No matter the outcome there is no way in hell I am spending 3 weeks with him. AITA for not being able to do it?"
1789,"AITA for not listening to my brother-in-law's podcast or subscribing to his newsletter? My brother-in-law works for a start up in that collects important (but sort of niche) news and organizes it into a daily newsletter. The newsletter is mostly geared towards business-minded people who want to know about the news in China for their business-minded ventures, but some of the readership is just people who are interested in world news and current events. I don't subscribe to the newsletter and when they recently started a podcast I did not subscribe to that either. I already have the news sources that I like to use, and I like the podcasts that I listen to, and even sometimes struggle to make time to listen to all of them. It's not that I think his stuff is not worthwhile, I just don't want to bother integrating it into the other media that I already consume. Over the Thanksgiving weekend, we were all talking about some news event, and my brother-in-law mentioned something that he had written about in the newsletter. My husband I hadn't read the newsletter that he mentioned, but my father-in-law had, so they talked about it. Somehow it came out that I did not subscribe to the newsletter and my brother-in-law seemed upset, although he did hide it for the most part, I think. Later, my brother-in-law was asking to borrow an Android phone, because they were troubleshooting something about their podcast on a certain podcast platform that only works on Android phones I guess. He took my husband's phone at first, but when he mentioned the podcast app, I told him that that was the podcast app I used so he could look on my phone and not have to download the app again. He looked on my phone and scrolled through my list looking for his company's podcast and then he said ""oh you don't subscribe to our podcast."" There was an awkward moment and then he just went on to look for what he was trying to find. Am I the asshole? No one is being frank with me and coming out to tell me whether or not they think I should just subscribe to the newsletter and download the podcasts, so I don't know if I'm just reading into all of the little hints that they're dropping. I know that if I subscribe to the newsletter, it would just be like every other newsletter I've ever subscribed to via email and it would eventually just be archived without me ever opening it. I imagine the podcast would be similar; I try to to control my news intake because I have depression and the news makes it worse. I used to be addicted to news sites so I only have one news podcast that I listen to. This seems like one of those things that maybe you just do because it's a nice, albeit empty, show of support for someone in your family. But I don't like those. And similarly, I write monthly for a Blog and I"
1790,"AITA for not ""celebrating"" the anniversary of my grandmother's death? A bit of backstory, my grandmother passed away around this time last year, my family would always do big gatherings for special events, birthdays, christmas, new year etc. All of my cousins (I have a lot) met up and went to a pub to basically get ridiculously drunk and cry. Now: **1:** I'm not a very ""let's go out and get drunk"" person. **2:** They were going out at 7:30pm, I live an hour and a halfs train journey away, and even after getting the train there's another 40 minute walk to the pub that they went to. I didn't see the point in going out for 1 hour then walking back to the train station to get home, so I just didn't go and didn't message anyone to let them know, because it never usually matters if I show up or not, and now everyone is pissed off at me like it was mandatory for me to go."
1791,"WIBTA for moving out of the house as a 15 year old just before christmas? ng story short i am 15 years old who has a narcissistic and toxic mother. I have been looking to move out for a while now and finally got a job working at a computer repair shop. Now i can move out to my grandma. My only concern is christmas in one month, i don't want to ruin it and i would feel bad if i did because i moved out. So i need some advice here, would i be the asshole?"
1792,"AITA for using my husband's money for something his mother didn't want? So, backstory. My husband's mother gave us $20,000 and told us to invest it. She previously had opened a investment fund that he got when he was 21 and she recommended that he put the money in that. Well, after discussing it, we decided to use the money for a down payment on a house, and told her about it. She seemed okay, but doubtful we'd find a house in our price range. The more we looked the better it seemed. We'd be paying 200 a month less for our mortgage+taxes and insurance and we would have our own place. Eventually we found a home in our price range, but our debt to income ratio was too high, so we put 10,000 to my student loans and the rest towards the house, and started negotiating. Fast forward to about a month before we buy and we lose our car in an accident, technically under her name, his mother asks where the money is and we tell her about the loans. Well shes so upset she says that we don't deserve a car if we can't properly invest money and kept the insurance money. (we thought she was with up until this point and we were now under contract.) She seems to be okay now, and we own a house and everything is great. But were we assholes for investing in our house rather than an investment account? Note: I'm not upset she kept the insurance money. It was her policy and her money. I'm upset that she used the fact that we wanted to own a home as the ""reason"" we didn't get it and that she seemed okay with us getting a house but then didn't. Losing a car was a huge deal for us but now we bike everywhere so it's pretty chill. Edit: the car in question was one my husband had been taking care of himself. We don't disagree with her keeping the insurance money since it was her policy but rather her referencing our investment that we thought she agreed with as means to blindside us with us losing our vehicle. Edit 2: Not a huge deal but we're both guys. Edit 3: This has been really enlightening. There seems to be two very differing view points. One is that the house was the end goal, and we met the end goal using the 20k that we got. His mother shouldn't be too upset because we still traded 20k for a house. However, there are some of you saying that because it was a *conditional* gift that we should have been transparent every step of the way, regardless if we thought she would approve or not. I don't disagree or agree with this, but I completely see where you're coming from, and this is something that my husband and I didn't think about when we payed the student loans to qualify for the mortgage. We assumed the earlier, which was so long as we got"
1793,"AITA for not avoiding bumping into people on the sidewalk? When I walk on the sidewalk, I always walk on the right , alone. When someone walks the opposite direction, I expect them to walk on their right side so we do not bump into each other. Sometimes however, people will walk in group of two or three and there will not be enough space. Am I the asshole if I refuse to move in the street/grass or leave the sidewalk? I will expect them to let me pass on the right side, and I will bump into them if they do not. I will do the same with people walking alone but walking on the left side. Note that I make exceptions for children, people with children, old people, disabled people and people with lots of things to carry. Tldr; if you don’t let me pass on the sidewalk, I will bump into you, but I don’t take any more space than necessary when I walk."
1794,"AITA for pretending to be religious? In a nutshell, I come from a fairy fundamentalist Christian family. It never sat quite right with me, and after going through the motion I “lost my faith” around 17 or so. Now, I’m fairly open about all this with most of my family, save for my grandma, who is very dear to me. Bible literalist, young earth, the whole nine yards. Now with my dad, who went through a religious phase, he’s open enough that you can have talks about this kind of stuff and he at least entertains my position. Grandma however, isn’t the type of person I can talk physics and philosophy and astronomy with. So whenever the subject comes up, I just kind of roll with it. Someone dies, or goes to rehab or something, I usually use the standard party lines to make her feel a little better. It got me thinking today, because her sister passed away, which obviously has her upset, and I’ve been trying to help her through it with things like “She’s gone home, she’s with Uncle Gary now,” and that kind of stuff. Am I an asshole for fronting like this?"
1795,"AITA for being annoyed when my sibling uses my stuff without permission? I'm usually fine with him using it on his own, but it got me a bit annoyed when I got home and all of HIS mates were on my PS4. Am i being unreasonable?"
1796,"AITA for not feeling comfortable around my stepdad? My stepdad isn't abusive in any way but I just don't like him. My mom had other boyfriends in the past and they were all pretty great, but him.. no. For some reason I don't like speaking to him directly or being in the same room as him because it's just so off-putting. I no longer live with him and my mom, I live with my actual dad now, but when I did live with them I used to sit by myself everyday and eat by myself because every sound he made, made me feel very antsy/sort of irritated in a way. He doesn't speak to me anymore, he (along with my mom) decided to kick me out of the house because I refused to stop hanging out with my boyfriend. These seems strange but I've known him longer than I've even known my stepdad, and he (my bf) is very important to me, we've supported eachother through everything, he's even stayed with me overnight when I had to go to the hospital for a concussion and I couldn't formulate my thoughts well enough to properly talk with the doctors. So I moved around a lot and now I live with my dad (I plan on moving out after getting my medical billing certification in January). I don't like speaking of this (getting kicked out and going into emergency placement) to a lot because I don't want people to think I'm a ""bad kid"" I just like to be around people who accept me for who I am. And now I just feel like an asshole because my mom always makes me feel bad, on thanksgiving she said I was disrespectful because I didn't talk a lot. I like talking to some of my family, but when they're all together it's very overwhelming for me, I feel like they look at me differently like I'm weird or something. I said that I made sure to say hi to my stepdad but she still called me a bitch for not being thankful enough for everything he did for me. I mean, I made sure to tell him thank you for everytime he bought me something (like a PS4 controller). His birthday is tomorrow and my mom is intimidating me to tell him happy birthday, it's not just him ever since I was a little kid I'd always cry even when people sang me happy birthday. I just feel very awkward about it. But I'm going to tell him happy birthday on his fb wall since I don't have his number. I really don't want to mess up with saying it tomorrow because I don't want to seem like a bigger bitch. Am I being an asshole..? I can't tell but I feel like I am."
1797,"AITA for quitting my job and leaving them screwed? Ok so I managed at a restaurant owned by a douchebag of an owner who refused to allow us to pay regular staff a reasonable wage and refused to allow us a reasonable labor percentage (wanted 21% including management). Suffice it to say his expectations were absurd. However, the other 3 management in the team were good people. And we had a few solid employees as well. A few months back I put in my two weeks notice and my district manager pulled some strings and got me almost a $3/h raise, which is pretty damn significant. So I stayed. Which was what he wanted. Obviously. I stuck it out for as long as I could but the stress became too much and it was affecting my home life. I put in my two weeks notice knowing full well that they'd be screwed because there's no way they'd replace me within 2 weeks and even with me they were short-handed as we'd just lost a full-time employee and fired 2 people. It's been a week and a half since I've been officially off payroll and they've opened late and closed early almost every day since then. This obviously affects the owners profits, but I obviously don't care about that as he's a top notch cunt. But it also affects my former co-workers, who I do care about. But I needed to remain sane. So, I ask you guys, am I the asshole here?"
1798,"AITA for not wanting to spend my anniversary cruise with my neighbors? Wife and I have had a lot going on lately. Family stress, work stress, all around ready for a break. I decided to book a cruise for myself and wife the week of our anniversary in March. Wife is good friends with the neighbor and they too have had a lot going in their lives. I don’t speak to nor hang out with neighbors husband much. My wife catches wind they want to go on a cruise after hearing I booked one. Wife tells them cruise info and our room number. They book the same cruise are literally next door after my wife said to go ahead and do it. Am I the asshole for blowing up on my wife for not even discussing this with me first?? I want to spend time with my wife, not have her hang out with her friend neighbor and the husband."
1799,"WIBTA If I delay paying my contractor TLDR I chose the contractor specifically because he was going match a competitors better price for my new roof and could schedule me before the competitor. In reality, he is now eight weeks after he said it would be done, and likely four weeks after the competitor would have completed it. Supposedly it is going to be finished in a couple weeks, and when it is complete, I am considering withholding the remaining 50% payment for the same eight weeks he made me wait. ---- Long Version ---- Would I be the asshole for delaying payment to my contractor Here is the story: Mid-September my roof started leaking. I gathered a lot of quotes and had a target price in mind. I got a couple contractors in that range, but everyone was booked pretty far out. The last guy I talked to quoted me about $2k higher, and asked where he fell. I said he was a little high, and he asked who else I had quotes from. He knew the other crew that I was likely going to go with, said they did a great job and that they had been underbidding him a lot lately. He said he would match whatever they quoted. Both of these guys were recommended by the manufacturer of the local metal roofing supply company, so I asked how quickly he could get started if I went with him, and what the process would be. He said 50% down, they would order the materials, ten day lead time on materials, then they would begin. The other guy was booking at least a month out, so I had no problem with this. Afterall, I had an active leak and the fall/early winter is usually very wet here. He came by the next day with a written quote, I wrote him a check for 50% down, and he said he would see me in a couple of weeks. About a week later my wife saw a guy approach the house on the doorbell camera. She wanted nothing to do with this project, so she ignored him. He rang the bell and when she didnt answer, he got out his ladder and climbed on the roof. He had a clipboard and tape measurer, so presumably he was taking detailed measurements. I was a bit disapointed that they hadnt already ordered material, but I checked my account and it looked like the check had only cleared the day before. Understandable, I would probably wait for the check to clear too. The next week I checked in to find out when the dumpster would be delivered, but they werent planning on starting to tear off the following week because it was supposed to rain, which it did. I checked back a couple times, the manufacturer was running behind, weather was bad, etc. I wrote the original check on October 5th, and as Thanksgiving was approaching I wrote out a pretty stern email identifying every time I had talked with him and every promise he"
1800,"AITA if I️ was being difficult and refused to do something my roommate asked of me? So my roommate was in a different room on the floor with her friends. And basically just told me to leave the room unlocked for her because she left her keys in our room. A little backstory: -my roommate parties a lot more than i do and I never know what time she is going to get back -I had to leave our room unlocked for two days straight because she forgot her keys at home and they were in the mail and she would’ve had to pay for a replacement -I was having a rough night (worse than usual) and I am fully aware that I probably overreacted I was frustrated getting this text because she literally could’ve taken probably a total of 30 seconds to get her key from our room. I told her to just come back and get her key then. She came in, didn’t say a word to me, grabbed her stuff and left. I know that I could’ve just left it unlocked but I just felt like it’s more the point of making me her bitch just because she’s lazy. I just don’t want her to get the impression that I’m a pushover (I kinda am so it’s really fuckin hard) I know this is probably a really petty thing but it just really got to me. Edit: iphone glitch"
1801,"AITA- Telling my brother he can't play on his piano? My brother has been playing the Piano for two years now, and about a month ago our electric piano got broken and my Mom was convinced we had to buy a normal piano to let my brother ""expand his talents"". The problem with a normal piano is that it has no headphones, and you can hear the music throughout the house. It's driving me crazy, since he keeps training on the same goddamn songs I've heard a thousand times already. Am I the asshole for not allowing him to play when we are both home alone, which is like an hour or two every day? He clearly likes it but I just can't stand hearing the music. (ofc I don't tell him that). He's 9 and i'm 17 for context."
1802,"AITA for blocking a guy I was going to go on a date with? He ticked every red flag I can think of. I shouldve blocked him a week ago. It's too far a drive, he suddenly wanted me to stay the night, he's a bit older than I'm comfortable with, he's been a bit too possessive especially considering we haven't met irl. He seemed overly lonely and was saying things like ""you're totally perfect in every way"" and other such nonsense. I caught myself thinking ""God I wish I didn't have to go on this date tonight"" because one of my friends is going through some tough stuff and needs me, and I realized I just really wanted to go on a date so I was forcing it. I told him about my friend (with NO intention of not going, just a ""one of my friends is going through a tough time 😞"") and he said, ""I feel like I should order you to come."" He actually said that. Fuck off. I just blocked him. I still feel bad tho because it sounds like he didn't get a lot of dates and I feel like this might hurt him a lot... I feel like I led him on way too long, we've been talking for a few weeks now... It's gonna crush him 😞. He had been saying things like ""I can't wait to see you"" and other such stuff. I feel like I'm justified, but I feel terrible so idk. Am I the asshole here?"
1803,"AITA and a flake? On monday, someone i know for work talked to me about getting together with a few other coworkers for one of those bowling/minigolf/arcade type places. They said they were still planning it out. I said “yes I think so” that I would be available for Friday. There wasn’t any further talk about anything throughout the week so I didn’t really think about it. This morning, he says that he booked a reservation already and it was at one of those expensive luxury places downtown which would mean I would have to take an Uber or $20+ for parking, plus another $40 for the night for us all to split the cost of the booking. From the group email, the others seemed surprised that he already booked if but were okay with it. And even though I said okay on Monday, it was a lot higher in price than I was expecting and by Friday, I was already expecting to do other plans. Am I an asshole for thinking that he should have confirmed with everyone first? And am I an asshole if I say that I can’t go? (If I don’t go, everyone’s cost will be ~$7 more)"
1804,"WIBTA if I got mad at my bf for taking pics without my knowledge? So my bf and I are currently long distance, and we were skyping together a few weeks ago. I willingly took off my top, and then realised he was taking screenshots of me (I could hear the sound, I'm 99% sure he didn't know I could hear) he didn't tell me he was doing so, if I hadn't heard it I would have no idea this even happened. Obviously it's not the first time he's seen me topless, and I've sent him pics I took myself previously. I would have been totally fine with him doing it on this occasion, had he asked, but now I feel weird and uncomfortable, to the point where I find myself making excuses to avoid being intimate again. I didn't know how to deal with it at the time, and haven't said anything about it because I don't want to be unreasonable, but it's getting to me more and more. Am I being unfair and overly sensitive? Would I be an asshole to bring it up now?"
1805,"AITA ----I posted this in 2x the other day in response to a lady frustrated with a gentlemen holding a line of people so she could go first. I later had a conversation with coworker regarding this. What are Reddits thoughts? A few years ago I was in a big box hardware store, the blue one. I was making a materials list and getting prices for an estimate for an upcoming project I had. As I head down the isle for concrete block / brick supplies, there is a lady struggling to load 60 pound bags of quick mix onto her cart. I offer ""would you like some help?"". She responded very quickly with ""I don't need a mans help!"" Slightly shocked, I continue about my business. 30 minutes later, I'm walking out to leave and I see this same lady loading her quick mix into the back of her wagon. I just walk on by until another lady, walking on the other side of the same parking isle, heading into the store mutters ""asshole"" as she passed me. I kinda stop for a second, again a little shocked, thinking I'm an asshole for offering to help, and I'm an asshole for not offering to help. I thought for a few, why bother. Later, I decided to not let it sour me. I'll continue to offer help when the occasion arises, and I have. I just feel it's part of being a decent person. I'll hold a door for a lady, offer her to go first, whatever. If she refuses, so be it - I go about my day. G."
1806,"AITA for not giving back someone’s lost dog because the reward was so small even though they are very wealthy? I found someone’s lost dog and noticed they were offering only $20 to someone who turns him in. This dog is worth a lot of money and they live in like a mansion and drive a $90k car. If they love their dog that much they can’t pay more than $20??!? I anonymously called and politely asked if they can offer more money and the woman began going off on me hysterically and being extremely dramatic. I still have the dog. It is safe and being fed and everything. I will probably end up giving it back, but seriously how can a rich person not offer more than $20 for a lost dog that they supposedly love??"
1807,"AITA for getting involved in my roommates relationship? A little bit of background: I live with two guys and I’m a girl. One guy is my boyfriend and the other is his friend. He started dating this girl about 6 months ago and during that time her and I have become pretty good friends considering she’s over at my house all the time. We took her out for her 21st, we’ve hung out etc. etc. A week ago I get a phone call from her saying someone saw him kissing another girl so obviously she’s upset and I’m upset as well because I have a thing against cheaters since my dad cheated on my mom. So instead of my roommate being an adult and either owning up to his mistake or breaking up with her, he’s been flat out ignoring her. So of course that means she’s been texting me asking if he’s home, what he’s doing etc. I’ve tried to remain as neutral as possible while also telling both parties they need to figure it out. Here’s where it goes wrong. This morning I made a comment about those two (it’s been over a week since the cheating incident happened and they’ve barely said a word. They sit in our living room and stare at each other and it’s very uncomfortable) and my boyfriend told me I need to stop caring about it. So I texted the roommates girlfriend and told her I couldn’t be involved any longer. She turned around and sent every text message id sent about him being an ass for cheating on her to my roommate. So now my roommate and my boyfriend are both furious at me and won’t talk to me. I understand what went wrong but am I really that shitty of a human being?"
1808,"AITA for being depressed and it spilling out into my relationship with my mother. I came out to my mum about my depression about a month back now, I think. I’m 17 and still living at home (obviously), I don’t see my dad as he lives in Canada so the only place I have to live is with her. Don’t know why I included all that but whatever. So I came out to her about my depression and suicidal thoughts over a phone call one day when I felt like I couldn’t leave the house to go to college. She reacted strangely, telling me how sad it made her feel, but in a way more like “I can’t believe your doing this to me” not “oh no my son is extremely depressed” as well as trying to pin it solely on me being bisexual and closeted (which I’d told her previously it had very little to do with). Since that day I’ve been to a doctor and I’m waiting for counselling. I have a friend who is also depressed and I confide a lot in her but that makes my mum jealous so she tries to tell me I can’t trust her. I tried telling all of these things that made me depressed to my mum but she’d just get angry at me and act like I was acting up, not really trying to find any solutions (she called me “selfish” a few times when I said I may come out on New Years). Since she’s reacting to everything I say to her like this, whenever I have an episode I’ll just stay quiet and try to avoid her in case anything comes out. We had a conversation recently where she said that hearing all of this was making her upset and I asked if she wanted me to just not open up to her and she basically said yes. But now whenever I do stuff I would do in an episode (e.g not eat as much or stay in bed all day) she’ll just shout at me and tell me to snap out of it and then tells me I’m being mean to her. Every time she’s tried to “help” it’s just been an attack so why should I even talk to her about this stuff or seek any advice out? I don’t feel like I’m being an asshole, am I? Edit: TL;DR (because I forgot to add one): Told mum about my depression, told her what made me depressed, she responds angrily often, I don’t talk to her about it anymore, she’s offended by that and makes it about her."
1809,"WIBTA if I confronted my parents about their texting while driving? Both my parents text while they drive, even despite the fact that just recently my mom got into a car accident (which I’d like to clarify isn’t her fault; the guy drove into her while managing to be both high and drunk. Impressive.) I’ve always nagged at them about their driving habits, but they just say that they’ll be fine. I think it’s not only selfish to me, but my entire family, and its dangerous to themselves and us (my brothers and I, all of which are minors who cannot drive) to continue doing this, but I’m just brushed off. I’ve suggested solutions, like using the speech-to-text or just handing the phone to one of us to text for them, but again I’m just ignored. They’re normally open-minded to my input on other things, and I do truly love them, so it’s difficult for me to fathom why they continue to ignore me on this. I also feel that me talking to them about it would ultimately achieve nothing or cause potential issues in our relationship. I’d also probably be the asshole if I went about it wrong. To make a long story short, WIBTA to confront them both about this dangerous, potentially life-destroying habit?"
1810,"WIBTA if I don't like the furniture my bf chose for my birthday gift? I live with my boyfriend and our two dogs that weigh 90 lbs and 135 lbs. They are family and, as with all other family members, they are allowed on the furniture. Our living room is small and has two walls that couches or chairs could go on. To maximize seating and floor space, we had a sectional. Before the sectional we had a couch and an oversized chair, but we hated the wasted space in the corners of the room since it made the useable floor space so much smaller. The sectional was a perfect fit - room for an end table on one side, and the ottoman could be moved to the end of the chaise side to open up floor space. It was microfiber, so dog hair vacuumed easily and all pillow covers were machine washable. Several months ago, my bf said he wanted a recliner. Our living room is not big enough for a recliner. I asked if he planned to get rid of the sectional and put his recliner in the middle of the living room because it has to be so far off the wall to recline there'd be no room for other furniture. After pointing out the limited space for a recliner, I told him I do NOT like recliners that look like recliners. I hate them. If it looks like a normal chair *and* it reclines, great - but I don't like fluffy, poofy recliners The recliner he was looking at was leather. I told him that my parents have very expensive leather furniture, and their dogs that weigh less that 20 lbs have destroyed parts of it. There is no way it'll hold up to our giant pups, and I won't tell them they can't be on the furniture. Now, on to the AITA part. . . Several days ago, I walked in to my living room to find brand new furniture. Now, I'm sure you're thinking, ""It's a recliner,"" and you're right. . . But there's more. In addition to the recliner is a loveseat that *also* reclines! It is all leather, and it all looks like recliners. The loveseat has a center console, so it's basically just two individual recliners. My living room looks so small because the loveseat is 24 inches off the wall. When you sit in the recliner, you can't see the loveseat because it's entirely behind you. My first thought was I'm not happy, my second thought was that I'm sad that my dogs won't get to be on the furniture. My third thought was oh well, I'm not paying for it. . . But that all changed when he said, ""Happy Birthday!"" Happy Birthday? Happy Birthday?? I told you I didn't want ONE leather recliner, so you bought me THREE??? Bullshit. This is not for me. *You* wanted a leather recliner. You bought furniture for *yourself*! Since the furniture arrived, I haven't said anything about it. I only pointed out that it"
1811,"AITA for dating a good friends ex gf? So I know what most of you are thinking. But let me explain, so my best friend or I guess former now dated this girl for a while like a year and she broke up with him since he was being a dick head (I thought he was mean to her before I had any interest in her and I told him to be nicer he just said it’s fine he called her fat and said she was overweight called her stupid and just overall destroyed her self esteem it also ended up making her bulimic for a bit ). So I was friends with this girl before him for like 13 years we have been friends and I’ve been friends with him for 12. I still talked to her a bit after they broke up since we were friends already then a mutual friend told me she was into me. I thought it was a joke but it wasn’t and I was kinda into her so I asked my best friend or whatever if he would be okay with it if I dated her he responded with “I wouldn’t prefer it but I wouldn’t be mad if you did”. Say I say “okay” and as I realize we probably might end up dating I asked another couple times and he just answers with the same thing. The before I say to him “if me talking to her or dating her bothers you in any way I won’t go out with her” he then say “it’s fine don’t worry about it I won’t be mad if you do” a couple days later she asks me out and I say yes we have now been dating for a little over a month and things are going well. But me and him barely talk anymore and never hang out. I also tell him the day after it happens not wanting to keep it a secret from him and he freaks out a little goes home and starts bitching to mutual friends which all tell him “to deal with it since he did ask and you need to move on” now he just excludes me from stuff and avoids me a bit I know he I still mad but I don’t know what I’m supposed to do. AMITA for dating her? We are 17 btw seniors in high school idk if that matters. And me and the girl have been dating for about a month now Edit: corrected 18 to 17 the 7 is next to the 8 and I just didn’t pay attention I’m dumb sometimes"
1812,"WIBTA if I called my friend out? I have a good friend of 3 years, who I respect and do not have anything against. Recently said friend has been acting very odd. He's saying purposely offensive shit to a cringe worthy level. Every time I get on a group call all he does is make low jokes about our personal lives, rant about how much he hates certain things that aren't even relevant, and play semantics every time anyone else makes a joke. He usually isn't like this but I also feel it's petty to notice this sort of thing. I'll just be in a call of friends that I really miss and we're talking about shit and all of the sudden he'll join the call and say something along the lines of ""hey are you faggots talking about your feelings? awww"". I'm sugar coating because I don't want to talk about my friend personal problems of which he brings up all the time, but I still get really annoyed when he acts like that. Also it's the fact that he can't take a joke. Even when he antagonises everyone the minute we bring something remotely to do with him he gets offended and threatens to ban people. He's still an all around good guy, and I don't hate him. But would I be the asshole for addressing that the way he acts makes me and another person uncomfortable. I kind of already imply that he's not funny, but he is also thick when it comes to reading that sort of thing. I just feel that it might be unfair to express the feelings of 2 people when I don't want to find out what other people think. Because then it'll get complicated."
1813,"AITA for being pissed my girlfriend googles and stalks my emails/usernames that she knows of? The other day I caught her on the 5th page of google with one of my usernames on it. She pretty much confessed to it as well as stated how she found some ""awful shit"" on me. Turns out there was an explicit site where someone happened to make the same account name as I do on a few other sites. But regardless I'm currently pretty pissed at her for stalking my usernames and (she admitted to it) my email named as well. Am I the asshole for seriously holding this against her?"
1814,"AITA for feeling hurt and upset? I've got the flu. It's pretty bad. My boss gave it to me last week when he came back to the office, and he was out for four days. Sorry if this comes across as rambling. Anyways, here's the situation. I have a son. He's 4. My Mom, my Sister and I go out on Fridays with him for dinner. It's fun, and it's kind of our thing. We make it a weekly ritual. On Friday my Sister asked me who was picking him up and I told her I was sick (I had just started feeling the flu). By dinnertime I was feeling pretty crappy, so I decided to sit this week out. My Sister asked if I wanted them to pick something up for me, and I said sure. Went to sleep around 5. Woke up at 7 hungry and wiped out, and just generally feeling shitty. I waited for them though because I was really looking forward to the sushi my Sister offered to get me. Around 8 my Mom called and said she was bringing my son home from dinner. I asked about my food and my Mom told me, point blank, that they forgot to order it with everything else and by the time they did remember they were ready to go and didn't want to be slowed down waiting for it. So they didn't get me anything, which would not have bothered me normally except I was really, really tired and really, really hungry. I didn't have anything ready to eat at home, and cooking felt like a hassle - it was hard just to get out of bed at that point. Anyways, I did it. After my Mom dropped off my son, I got up and cooked some food and everything was fine. No big. The following day, my Mom came to pick up my son so she could take him to a park (I want to be clear about something - in context it might sound like she did this to give me a break because I am sick, but that was not the case. She picked him up to spend time with him, not as a favor to me). Before she left, she asked if I needed anything and I told her I could use some medicine. The only medicine I have is children's medicine for my son since I don't get sick very often. I also told her it would be nice if she could get me food since I was still sick and tired and cooking was hard. Around 4 she called and said she was on her way back and asked what I wanted as far as food goes. I suggested a couple quick options on the way home, but she declined and said ""only somewhere with a drive-thru"". For me this is frustrating because I am vegan (half of you probably just said 'yep, you're the asshole' lol), so there aren't a lot of places I can get food from that have drive-thrus."
1815,"AITA for getting super pissed off when the person i hire($15) an hour to run errands and clean-throws my shit away? Like rugs remote controls shampoo mail paperwork-and unexpired food. I go to make a sandwich-and he threw away my miracle whip i bought a 4 days ago-so I go check the trash, I have rugs in the trash he threw away at least 20 different food items and I’m too old and disabled to dig around in there anymore-I have no goddamn idea what all is in the trash.I remember him organizing my refrigerator because he needed extra money, and I told him at least three or four times don’t throw anything away unless it’s expired. I paid him $175 for 10 hours of driving around and folding towels-taking out trash-etc I had to make up jobs for him to do because he desperately needed money. Im so pissed off. Edit: he threw most away on accident-like the rug was close to a pile of plastic removed from a boxspring-etc-the food pissed me of because i told him to check expiration dates-then reminded him 3 more times and he acknowledged he checked them -which is a ffing lie. I went to make a sandwich-condiments i bought a few days ago-expiration in 2020-gone -opened it 4 days ago. Pisses me off. I’m on a new medication for narcolepsy so I can’t drive for a few weeks. So the peanut butter and the chocolate syrup and the mayonnaise and mustard and canned biscuits etc. that he threw away is part of what I was supposed to be eating."
1816,"AITA for sleeping with a friend? **Edit: I formatted things a bit. I bolded Timestamps to try and make this mess of a post a little more easyly understandable.** Hello everyone, This one has been on my mind for quite some time so I'm hoping to find some feedback here. Throwaway for reasons. **tl:dr** at the end but I would appreciate it if you read the whole thing before forming an opinion. Thank you very much. So here is some context of the last seven years (excuse my bad english): Two good friends of mine, let's call them Jenny and Thomas. Around the time that **we were 13**, Jenny and I were dating. Nothing really happened, it was more of a teenage-angst-""no one understands me but you"" thing really. Anyways when we broke up that didn't really go down too well as we were in the same group of friends and Jenny tried to win the break-up with including but not limited to flirting with my (at the time) best friend Thomas while I was trying to pick up my emotional pieces. The two of them eventually started dating **when we were around sixteen**. I wasn't hurt by that - I eventually had become friends with Jenny again and me and Thomas were pretty much best mates. They broke up after half a year or so, and while Thomas and I still went to the same school, Jenny moved cities. **In the following year**, we didn't really have a lot of contact while she and Thomas remained friends, and grew pretty close again. Now even though we had only been dating for 4 months I think, it was a really intense break-up as we were the kind of friends that would talk about everything before even dating. Our friendship never really recovered from the break-up and it was always kind of awkward between us. Thus **when she moved away**, in a way it felt good not having to deal with that anymore. But well, we were really close at some point and it bugged me that I hadn't ever been able to express to her how I felt after the break-up and so a year after she moved away I wrote her this big text message, telling her about how I felt after the break-up and saying that I would like (try) to be friends with her. She agreed. **Fast forward one year**, Thomas had to redo a year in school so we didn't hang out as much anymore. Meanwhile he and Jenny became friends with benefits. Jenny and I were texting every now and then and she was always one of these persons that I just get along with super well, but we still didn't keep very close contact. **Fast forward another few years**: I finished my A-levels and went abroad for a year to see the world and what not. Jenny moved back into the area and she and Thomas remained Friends with benefits. Today I know that she was sleeping with other men and that was okay because they"
1817,"AITA, for punishing my 20 yr old roommate TL;DR - Roommate is a pathological liar. Took my car and drove it drunk and did damage to another car with it. Came back and left in his own car. Woke up and left our apartment looking like a complete dump for me to clean up. He doesn't have many friends in the town we live in and plays a lot of xbox. I'm not allowing him to play on it anymore cause idk how else to discipline someone my age. AITA? My roommate got drunk and came home with a small gash in his finger, and a tiny cut on his right eye 2 nights ago. I was out with him but left home a little early and he came back like 30 mins after i did. He was repeatedly yelling things so i went out to talk to him. he's a pathological liar and was telling me all sorts of stupid shit. to fill you in, he told me: 1) he got jumped. 2) he beat someone up. 3) he was in jail. 4) nothing happened. 5) he was in des moines 6) he was in a jail cell with his dad 7) his mom convinced him he got in trouble even though nothing happened 8) someone got stabbed right in front of him. 9)he was with my friend the whole time when it happened. 10) he talked to the cops about all of it. 11) the cops were never involved. 12) he doesn't remember anything 13) he left jail to meet up with us at summit (he left our house with us). 14) one guy fought him. 16) 5 dudes fought him and scattered in different directions. 17) he got kicked in the face multiple times. After listening to all these stories, and realizing he wasn't going to tell the truth about what happened to his finger, i said i was going to bed. He was impaired, but was able to hold a conversation and was completely gonezo. Next thing i know i'm laying in bed and i hear the door open and close. i get up and go outside to make sure he didn't leave. *important to note here that he just got a DUI like 8 months ago. We're 20yrs old. He always goes on and on about how spending two nights in jail for the dui was the worst thing ever, and he knows if he gets another one it's two weeks. So, i go outside, and my car is gone. His car isn't. This is when i freak out. I call him cussing a storm up saying get the fuck home, you don't get to take my fucking car, what the fuck do you think you're doing, etc. He makes it home like 7 minutes later and hits a car as he's pulling into our apt parking space. My car is fine but the side mirror is busted on the other car. He gets out and i'm on the phone with his mom at this point. She"
1818,"AITA for not giving a special needs kid a toy I bought for my nephew? It was my nephew's birthday yesterday, so I bought him a Thor hammer at Target, since he's into superheroes. On the way back to my car, I met this middle aged lady with a elementary grade boy who started gesturing to the toy in my hand. She said something along the lines of, ""Hi, my son is special needs so he can't communicate that well. He seems to have taken a liking to that. Would you mind giving it to him?"" On one hand, yeah, he's special needs, and maybe she couldn't afford it herself. But this thing was $20 and for my nephew, so I didn't want to just hand it over. I said, ""oh sorry, this is for my nephew, his birthday's today. There's still more inside the store though, if you want to take a look."" She got huffy and said ""I can't believe people like you. You can't find the goodness in your heart to make him happy?"" I didn't say anything and just left. I feel kind of bad about it now, but I don't see why I'm the bad guy for not wanting to basically give a stranger a birthday gift for no reason."
1819,"WIBTA if I sought government assistance even though I used to be rich and likely will be again? So, this skirts the line of being an actual ""conflict,"" hopefully it's still okay for this sub. Let me be clear that I'm asking this question because, in my industry, there's a LOT of nasty backtalk and gossip about people who do this kind of thing - and I'm honestly torn on whether it's bullshit austerity bootstrap stuff, or if the gossips have a point. So while I haven't actually been in an argument with somebody about this, I easily could be, and will likely be the subject of nasty gossip if anything's made public. I'm self-employed in a creative industry. In the past, I was quite successful, earning mid-six figures consistently. Two years ago I got sick with a viral infection, and it severely affected my ability to work. The most obvious symptom was Bell's palsy, and I also suffered neurological issues with concentration, memory and creativity that I'm still recovering from. I slowly drained my savings, retirement accounts, and everything I had, just trying to keep my head above water. I took out a high-interest personal loan, maxed out my credit cards, and borrowed what I could to pay my bills. The whole time, I kept convincing myself ""this is only temporary, I'll get back to work tomorrow and be twice as productive!!!!"" I'm now starting to believe that delusion in and of itself was a symptom, but anyway. I also managed to cut a few licensing deals for past work, and was assured the checks would show up ""any day now"" - that was a year ago and I'm still waiting. So, I kept scraping by, living off of meager royalties from my back-catalog and expecting the miracle check to show up and save my hide. Suddenly, I woke up and realized two years had passed without me making any significant progress on my business or my finances. The IRS and the state DOR both have leins out on me for six figures in unpaid taxes, I have about $100k+ in unsecured debt in collections, and my house is going to be foreclosed on. That's where I am now. I'm taking steps to get back on track, working with a very nice IRS agent to prove I'm currently unable to pay my federal back-taxes, on a payment plan with the DOR, and about to file bankruptcy to try and save my house. With my current income and expenses, I qualify for free health insurance and SNAP benefits (food stamps). I've signed up for the health insurance pending income verification, because I need to go back to seeing my therapist and stay on my medication. I have a pending application for SNAP as well. I'm torn on both of these. Even though I have tons and tons of debt to pay off, and can't currently afford basic living expenses, it feels wrong to take government assistance. (Even though, when I was making $$$$, I obviously paid $$$$ into these exact programs. I"
1820,"AITA if my ex took my dog out for the day to spoil him after leaving a key outside since i was at work all day? Background: the ex and I have been broken up for over 2.5 years. He and I got this dog together when he could literally fit in your palm. I have a bf whom i love and the ex has a gf. He and his gf are still a part of my friends circle and i may see them a couple times at MOST a year and it's usually with our group of friends. Never alone. Anyway, he has. every once in a blue moon since we broke up 2.5 years ago, taken the dog for the day to spoil him, buy food, toys, medicine, etc. Even when i had to stay with my mom temporarily, he would come by and take him, after discussing that it was okay with me and finding a date and time. Sometimes, i wouldnt even be there for the pick up/drop off. Recently, he asked to have the dog for the day. I had to work. So i wouldn't be home to let him in. So i left a key outside for him and his gf so that they could grab the dog. I readily told the current bf this and he grew very upset. Saying I crossed a boundary with him and that this was not okay at all. My ex has taken the dog before at the beginning of our relationship a year ago. And I've been honest and open about how he is in my friends group, but that there is no feelings whatsoever. We hardly ever contact each other unless it's about the dog, or some random ass funny reddit post that may happen once every 2 or 3months and that is IT. Am i the asshole? And should i respect the bf boundaries or continue with the deadbeat dog dad friend routine? (That was a silly joke) . He has not told me that the ex and i can't be friends, but that i shouldn't let him come into mu home so openly without me or him there. thanks!"
1821,"AITA for cutting away a friend I feel who is toxic So I’ve known this guy for 4-5 years ( we will call him A ). I play with A on the PS3/4 a lot over the past few years. He sometimes yells at people if we don’t play to his expectations or if we make a mistake. Recently A yelled at me for stuff I didn’t do but is gaming related. I felt like that was the last straw and he was getting more and more toxic to the point where it felt emotionally draining for me to play with him. So I talked to one of our mutual friends we have that I’ve know for about 10 years. ( we will call him B ). Now A has scolded B in the past, after I talked to B, we agreed A was getting a lot more toxic, and agreed to cut him out of our gaming sessions. After a few days our circle of friends (about 5) all knew what was going on. We all agreed he has some anger issues that needs to be resolved. I even confronted A, I told him he was very emotionally draining to play with and we all just wanna come on to play instead of getting yelled and insulted at. He made up some excuse of him being stressed caused he was moving apartments and gaming is his only way of releasing stress. But in the end he did apologise. The very next day after our confrontation, he started insulting me straight away( now I can handle a little banter, but A’s insults are on a level where it affects me personally ) After that night(about 10 days ago) I haven’t played with him since. Today he messaged our group chat criticising the way I play and all, I left the chat. He then proceeded to try to call me which I promptly decided not to answer. He then texts me and says he wanna apologise and asks when does this all end because we’re dividing our circle of friends up because of all this. Now I talked to B about this, he agrees we’re diving the circle up which I can see why, but B also says he doesn’t wanna play with someone who’s always so toxic. I have also let everyone else in our circle know that they’re free to join A whenever they want and that I have no control over what they do but I would not play with him cause he’s very toxic to play with, which everyone acknowledges. I’m also moving abroad for college in 20+ days so I wanna spend as much time playing as I can with my friends but I just don’t wanna play with someone who makes me feel sour at the end of the day. So am I the asshole here? If so what advice would you give me? Edit: A just yelled at 2 other people in our circle, safe to say everyone is reluctant to play with him from now"
1822,"AITA for my behavior at the bar? On Saturday I [M23] was at the bar with a couple of my friends for my one friend's birthday. While I was at bar, I split up from my friends and I went over to one of the TVs that was showing one of the football games I wanted to watch. While I was standing at the bar watching the game, a girl comes up to me and asks me if I would like a beer that she said belonged to her friend who was really drunk and wanted to reduce the amount of alcohol she would consume. So my first reaction was ""you're not drugging me right now, are you?"" She chuckled and insisted no. We start making small talk and we introduce ourselves. Then she asks me if I'm gonna stay at that bar or if we were gonna go to a different bar later on in the night. I said that we would probably be going to a different bar eventually but we're kinda just going with the flow. She then pulls out her phone and says ""let me get your number so we can get together later on if decide to leave this bar"". It's at that moment that I realize she's hitting on me (I'm really not good at these social cues since I don't get hit on a lot, or ever). When she asks me I just simply say ""no I'm sorry"". She gives me a ""wtf is wrong with you, loser"" kind of look and walks away. I should mention that I have a girlfriend for 3 years and I just didn't want to give this girl my number because I'm not interested. So my AITA questions are: AITA to my girlfriend for engaging in conversation with this random girl and not explicitly telling her that I have a girlfriend? AITA to this girl for not disclosing why I didn't want to give my number away?"
1823,"AITA for ditching a friend who I feel became toxic I know this is really similar to someone else's post earlier today, but it inspired me to share my own story. My junior year of high school, I enrolled in a guitar class (yes, my high school had a class where you learned to play the guitar), and I soon befriended a then-freshman who was a very talented guitar player. We eventually bonded over jamming to Foo Fighters tunes in class and just being goofy with each other, in general. So, my senior year rolls around, and we both enroll in the class again (the class had levels 2-4, and everyone was lumped into one class. Many previous students would return, also), and we were back to our usual antics. Then a little over halfway through the school year (around late February), he forms a band and we play at this little school event happening the first week of March. The band consisted of him, me and another great guitar player in the class. Since him and the other band member were both better players than me, I opted to be the bass player. I had less than a week to learn an instrument and 3 songs. When this event rolled around, we thought we killed it and it was a good time. Eventually, we recruited a drummer and had hopes for the future of our little band. As a band, we covered songs, but with my friend and I, we tried to write songs together. Then in April of that year, most of our school's music dept. took a trip to compete in some national event. Later that month, our band played one more gig at a much bigger school event, which was also a lot of fun for us. Things were the usual between us for the rest of the school year. Now things take a turn. Summer rolls around, and we end up hanging out either at his house or at our local plaza either just hanging out or writing songs. Things were fine at first, but the first big red flag was when he flat out said to me something to the effect of, ""We're gonna write songs that I wanna write, how I wanna write them. If you don't like it, get out."" What I haven't mentioned yet is that my friend here was a pothead and a stubborn asshole, at times. This will be important in a little bit. He also, during the school trip, brought pot with him, despite me and 2 other roommates for the trip ultimately telling him not to (5 roommates, including me). We hung out more during the summer and things seemed okay, but then I ran into him and his friend one day at the local plaza, who also seemed pretty cool. We knew each other from eating lunch during the school year. I twice went over to his house just to watch TV and whatnot, nothing special. Then one day, my friend texts me that they're getting together to"
1824,"AITA for getting angry at my boyfriend About a week ago, my boyfriend and I went to this bingo thing, and there were a bunch of technology related prizes that you could win. Before we even started, we were talking about how cool it would be to win the xbox they were giving out, because our old 360 stopped working a few months ago. As it turned out, he actually did win the xbox, and we were really excited. We brought it home, and he said he'd set it up the next day. The next day, I get home from work and see the packaging is all open, but the xbox isn't in the living room. I ask where it is, and he told me he set it up in his bedroom. (We share an apartment together, but we have separate bedrooms.) I asked him why he didn't set it up in the living room so we could both use it, and he told my that he wanted to be able to use it before bed and stuff. Am I wrong to think that he should set it up in the living room? Obviously he was the one who won it, but I kinda felt like we had an understanding going into this that if either one of us won, it would go in the living room, even though neither of us explicitly said that. I did ask him politely if he'd consider moving it to the living room, and he asked me why I couldn't just move into his bedroom. Obviously that's totally out of the picture before marriage. I haven't done anything rude to him because of this, but I am kind of angry. Am I in the wrong here?"
1825,"AITA for asserting that I was next in line Today I was going through a two lane drive through at Mcdonalds, where there is an inner lane and a slightly longer outer lane, where you can order at either before merging into a single lane to pay and get your food. I was in the outside lane and it was busy. I place my order, and finish right before the line moves. I follow the guy in front of me as he pulls forward and notice the guy in the inner lane finish his order and ease forward. He probably only finished his order like 5 to 10 seconds after me. So now myself and the guy in the inner lane are equidistant from the person directly in front of me, and we have to merge into one lane. As the line moves, I follow the guy directly in front of me, and dont let the guy in the other line in. The guy in the inner lane yells at me, saying I shouldn't be next because I'm directly behind the person in front of me. I tell him that I am next because i finished my orser first. My thinking is this, if you're in the line and finish your order first, you pull forward first, regardless of what line you're in. This guy seems to think it should be a straight ""zipper"" technique, like when two lanes of traffic merge. I personally disagree because we aren't all ordering at the same pace, so it should just go by whoever finishes first. At the end of the day it's just drive through so who cares, but I want to make sure I'm not being an asshole. Am I wrong in assuming how the line should operate?"
1826,"AITA for wanting to leave my bf over his reaction to a pregnancy scare? Throwaway account for obvious reasons. So for a little bit of background, we are both 21 years old and in college. We've been together about 6 months, and our relationship had been somewhat rocky for a while before this happened. So about a month and a half ago, I missed a few pills and had unprotected sex with my boyfriend during that time. It took a week for us to figure out that we weren't still protected, and that there was a chance I could be pregnant. We knew the date I was supposed to have my period and waited for it anxiously- and sure enough it didn't come the day it was supposed to. In the days leading up to when I was supposed to have my period I did a lot of soul-searching and realized I couldn't terminate if I was pregnant, but wasn't sure how to bring it up to my boyfriend until I was a week late and we were starting to get worried. He told me he'd go half on an abortion, and I calmly said I didn't think I wanted one. Then he absolutely flipped out. He started yelling that I was ruining his life, he wasn't even sure if he liked me that much, he couldn't have a child with someone who wasn't Jewish, etc. He told me that I should drop out of college out of shame and kept calling our potential future child a ""bastard"" and asking me if I really wanted to be a ""single mother of a bastard child"". He took me to the store to get a pregnancy test and screamed at me the whole ride there about how he was going to find a way to ""make"" me get an abortion because it wasn't fair to him. By the time we got to the store, I was in tears, and he refused to even look at me when we got the test and purchased it. The whole ride home he just kept glaring at me and shaking his head, and I just kept saying over and over he could leave if it was positive. It was honestly the most terrified I had ever been in my life- it was dawning on me I was going to be completely alone in raising this our potential child. Luckily it turns out, I wasn't pregnant. The second we got the negative result his attitude completely shifted and he immediately wanted to go out and celebrate, but I still haven't been able to shake this ""off"" feeling about the whole experience. Part of me thinks his reaction was justified, as it's natural to be scared in this situation. But I can't help but feel that a lot of his true feelings about me came out during the scare, and that his reaction was inappropriate. It hurts me that he wasn't able to control his emotions for my sake, and that he showed no willingness to help me out if"
1827,"WIBTA for telling my roommates to stop being so nosy Lately I feel like I can’t do much without being questioned by one of my two roommates. For example, once I picked my keys up was asked “Oh are you going out?” Yes I was, but I didn’t feel like I should have to make known all of my comings and goings. Once I picked my hat up off the floor to put it away and he thought I might be going somewhere. Another time I was working on a calendar for work and he came up and started looking over my shoulder at what I was doing. Last example: I recently made some changes to my diet to see if it would improve some health conditions. I was asked about it and said just that. I left it vague on purpose. Still he felt the need to pry. I feel like I can’t cook without being asked what I’m making, I can’t read, watch youtube, get a package, take a shower at a weird time without having to answer a ton of questions about it. Some questions are expected since we live together and communication is good. But at this point I feel like I’m under constant interrogation."
1828,"AITA for pointing out double standards in my relationship? My girlfriend and I have been dating for almost a year now and up until about a week ago I would let her get away with things that she gets really upset at me for. For instance, I told my girlfriend that my brother is coming into town and going to be staying with us the first two days he is here. At the time she was okay with it but apparently she must have forgot and got really upset with me last night and said that I just didn’t tell her. So I pointed out that every time I forget something it’s because I forgot but if she doesn’t remember something it’s because I never told her which I find unfair. She also has a habit of getting upset when she’s going to bed early (we both work nights mostly but sometimes one of us has to go to work early) as I’m getting off late and I’m nowhere near tired so I tell her I would like to go hang out with some friends. She gets passive aggressive and bitter towards me saying that I don’t care about her and that I don’t try enough so she can get what she wants. But if I go to bed early and she wants to go hang out I have no problem with it! I just don’t understand her logic and I want to make sure I’m not the asshole"
1829,"AITA For Being Mad at my Parents for Firing Me (very long) No, I wasn't fired for cause, I was let go when my parents sold the business. My performance was always, to my knowledge, well above average. I worked for my parents for 10 years, so this will be long but I will stick to pertinent points and be as brief and as objective as possible in summing up what has happened. I am now in my late thirties. In my mid twenties, I was looking for a new job. I had quit my job in commercial maintenance. I had my own car, apartment, and a few months of living expenses saved up at the time. I never have asked my parents for anything. They never payed much attention to me after elementary school and I never expected them to send me to college or anything, and they didn't, so I was one who didn't qualify for anything because my parents made plenty of money but neither would they pay for it. No big deal, they aren't required to do it, I am just making it clear that I have never expected much from them. They just didn't talk to me much, and I had stopped calling them in my early twenties because my mom would never answer or call me back. She is kind of anti-social and has never had a single friend that I know of, so I think she also didn't answer a lot of calls, but I don't really know. My dad was basically absent for a few years while they had some marital turmoil. At some point we we started doing family holidays (xmas and thanksgiving) again, though. So, at this time in my mid twenties when I was looking for a job, my dad was needing help at his insurance agency. My mom and dad had lost their entire retirement in the stock market crash, so my dad had started a new business (he had sold his other for all that money they lost). As soon as he bought the business, they lost tons of clients due to taking over right as the company got a big rate hike, and so his revenue was not really enough to pay the bills and properly run the place. To further compound problems, he didn't actually know how to do anything anymore, because it's complicated and there are a ton of changing rules. The one employee and her sister were taking extreme advantage of him, holding him hostage because he couldn't fire them. It was a bad situation, and if the business failed, my dad was too old to start another one. My mom was too old to get hired at a new corporate job. So they both invited me over to talk, and they asked me if I would like to come work for my dad, explaining all of this. So, they asked me what I would need to be paid. And I told them a very small figure. It's what I had made the previous year"
1830,"AITA for ditching some friends that I thought got toxic? I tried to write the title un-biased but it didn't really turn out that way So, I've always had low self esteem and I've always had a skewed social role if that makes sense. As in, I think no one cares about me and all that. Anyways so, I'll use pseudonyms for their names: Bart, Karen and Joan. Bart and Karen had always been pretty mean to me. Saying shit that most certainly would not read like a joke if you saw it out of context, like recently off the top of my head I can think of ""sit in the back Rosa Parks"" (I'm black) and numerous quips about my arthritis and fibromyalgia. For some reason Bart thought it was hilarious to constantly make fun of me because I have arthritis. Karen was just mean as fuck for no reason. She'd constantly insult me. One time I told her ""you have a pretty laugh"" and she for real said ""shut the fuck up"". I'm not even kidding. And the story basically starts around that time. I was with Bart and we were just driving around trying to find something to do. We decided to hang out with Karen and went to pick her up. I was sitting in the front seat, but as soon as we picked up Karen, Bart became a huge fucking dick. They made a huge deal about me sitting in the front seat and made me get in the back and made jokes about Rosa parks and shit the entire way. Then when we finally got somewhere and got out, I literally could not say anything without them making me the butt of their joke. I wish I could say I was joking. The entire night was like that and they made me feel like absolute shit about myself. This is why I'm conflicted, because it'd be black and white otherwise: these two were friends for a long time. I've known them since my freshman and sophomore year of high school, and they were a lot different when we first met. Karen was super sweet and Bart was just fun to me around. And they've both done nice things for me before. Bart let me borrow his graphics card while he was away in college because I couldn't run MGSV on mine. Karen left me this sweet note for my birthday about how I've always tried to be there for her. Because of stuff like that, I've always tried to hold out for them, but after that night, I was kind of done with Karen. I told Bart a couple days later I was getting sick of Karen and wanted to distance myself from her. I had told her several times I was sick of her constantly being mean to me and insulting me, and she never listened. I felt as though it was a lost cause and we just weren't gonna mesh well as people and we just both needed to move on (because she would"
1831,"AITA for wanting to sit in my seat? In my biology class, we were given a new seating arrangement. I was to sit on the back row with two girls on my right and one girl on my left (we'll call the girl on my left D and the girl first on my right R). On the day we were given these seats, I went to sit in my seat but D was sitting in my spot so I sat in her spot, I noted to her that that she was sitting in my seat, but she didn't offer my seat to me. Next lesson, I get to lesson before D intentionally, and sit in my seat. R questions why I'm sitting there, and I state that it it is indeed my seat. Next lesson, I try and get to my seat before D again, but she's already there and I note to her again that that is my seat. But D and R say to me laughingly about being festive for Christmas, and I should let her sit there to be giving. So I sit in D's seat again. Next lesson D sits again in my seat, and I ask her during the lesson if she's enjoying it. She says she is. Finally, in my most recent lesson I did get to sit in my seat, but the person on the far right was absent, so R moved over to her space and D sat right of me. D then asked me if the reason I wanted to sit in my seat was because I had a crush on R, to which I said I don't and then asked D if she has a crush on R being as she wants to sit her next to her so much. I say that the reason I don't like having to sit in the other seat is because I feel like I'm being pushed out. But regardless I move my seat over to the left to have more space and R says something along the lines of ""He says he's feeling left out, then moves further away. The logic?"""
1832,"AITA for going back on a deal I shouldn't have agreed to in the first place? First off, I am pretty sure that this is something I shouldn't have agreed to, so while I appreciate that input, try not to beat me up about it too hard. My roommate has a lot of flaws as a human being and hasn't consistently been the best, but he's been trying and making progress as he deals with significant issues in his life. Last week he shared with me ""great news"" that his boss had offered to buy him a new laptop, and we went to the Apple Store to check out the current offerings. Of course he fell promptly in love with the top model, but saw a Black Friday deal on last year's model of the same thing that's actually a quite reasonable value. Unfortunately, it turned out that the boss wasn't simply going to punch in his credit card number; instead, he was offering a special project that is supposedly easy work (within his field - I don't fully understand it) for which he'd get paid enough for the laptop within a few weeks. Of course, this isn't really good enough to my roommate. Apparently the task is very CPU-intensive on the computer, and he can't help but realize how much faster he'd get it done if he had the new machine before doing the work. Edit: He was also afraid that if he waited too long, he would miss the Black Friday deal; it seems that the deal is on until stock runs out. So he made me an interesting offer: if I would front him for the new machine on my credit card, he would pay me a premium above the cost of the laptop, as well as selling me his old laptop at a discount so that I could turn a profit flipping it on eBay. So I basically stand to profit around $300 by leaving $2500 on a credit card for three weeks, which in the end of course shouldn't cost me anything. Thing is, I now have serious doubts that this will work out. If he doesn't pay me by the due date of the credit card toward the beginning of next month, I won't have the cash to pay it off myself and will be forced to carry a balance which will cost me cash on interest and hurt my creditworthiness (I've been considering a home equity loan lately). The big cause of my doubt is two big broken promises. At the time that I placed the order, he owed me his $200 share of the rent, and hadn't paid it yet. He also does some side work for me and promised to get through a project I needed by last night. When I got home, though, he was asleep on the couch and the project wasn't done. I decided to change the delivery options at Fedex to prevent the laptop from getting dropped off so that he wouldn't receive it before I got my money"
1833,"AITA for not taking shifts from coworkers Hello reddit, I'm[20/m] and the last two years were pretty ugly for me. In short: Quit university, family pressure, nearly broke up with my current gf, had suicidal thoughts (gone now for good) and a few other minor but shitty experiences I made. At the moment, I work at my local gas-station. All my coworkers are female except me and another two good guys. I was always the kind of guy who worked after a plan. I get my shifts for the month and I will work at those days. If my boss has some kind of emergency, then I help if I can. That's ist. Since I began to work there (since September) my female coworkers often asked me if I can take some of their shifts for whatever reason. I simply dont care at all what kind of problems they have, because I have my own. Just today, a coworker of mine asked me if I could take her nightshift tommorrow because she has some appointmants. I told her: ""I'm sorry I can't. I dont feel well.""-I really feel sick at the moment Her answer: ""Well, I did expect that from you..."" Am I the asshole here? I even feel guilty right now, but I think I shouldn't..."
1834,"AITA for being pissed at my friend over fantasy football So I've been in a FF league with my good friends for 3 years now and every year we have a problem getting one of our friends to pay up. The buy-in fee for playing is $50 and everyone should pay before the start of the season. Well once again this kid shows up to the draft with no money and promises he'll get the money to our commissioner at some point. Fast forward to the last week before the playoffs and he finally pays but this is after he already knows he's making it into the playoffs so he'll have a chance to compete for more money. A couple people and I see this as being pretty unfair that he can just decide to pay once he already knows that he clinched the playoffs, I mean doesn't that completely defeat the point of gambling? The commissioner of our league says that it's fine because he payed by the deadline. I thought it was clear the deadline was before the season. I obviously have no way of knowing this for sure, but I'm pretty sure that if he knew he wasn't making the playoffs he wouldn't pay the money. He's not exactly the most trustworthy person and he's known to do some shitty things like stealing from other people. This may seem like a petty thing to be mad at (it probably is) but this whole debacle is making me want to distance myself from him. When some of us called him out about the money he basically just called us all cry babies and told us to go fuck ourselves. I'd like to get an unbiased opinion on this whole situation because I seriously don't understand why like half of the league is on his side."
1835,"AITA by not talking much to my friend Hey, first post in my one year being here as I currently just browse. This begins with my best friend whom I’ve known for around 10 years. He has never been lucky with girlfriends/partners and is actually a really good guy. His current partner of 6 years ( they broke up once for iirc 4 months during that time) was texting another guy and sent him a picture of her in the shower whilst her boyfriend was downstairs waiting for her to get ready. He suffers from anxiety and this did not help, I told him that she doesn’t respect him and that he was a pushover and he agreed because he knows he is but he says he loves her. After much debating between me and him and me looking out for my friend, he forgave her and gave her another chance and pretended that nothing happened. Am I the asshole in this situation for not replying to my friend as much anymore as I am disappointed with his decision? He reassured that he was going to break up with her and he already packed her belongings. Sorry if it’s hard to read but it’s a long story cut short but that’s the main points. EDIT- I know I seem selfish by steering towards a break up but a not long ago he tried to commit suicide due to this girl breaking up with him and I just can’t trust her. He knows it’s wrong what she done but he just maybe too comfortable/ scared that he has her and he can’t find another partner as he doesn’t socialise much either"
1836,"AITA: I write short stories, my friend wanted to help. I let him help, but fired him after I decided he wasn't helping correctly. His side: I show him my short story. A little comedic bit. It's very popular but I won't say it to keep my identity secret. He sees it and asks if he can help. I say yes. He goes out in excitement and starts improving my stories to have better concepts and flow. He even gets a website just for me. Then after a few weeks I randomly fired him out of the blue. This is the best way I could see the events from his perspective. My side: I'm having fun writing short stories, I show them to my friends. One friend sees it and wants to help. I have doubts but I let him in, expecting him to either help in a minor way or make stories of his own. Instead he goes in and edits all my stories, changing not only grammar, but also core concepts within the stories themselves. I tell him what I want, and while he accepts this when I push hard enough, he keeps adding ideas to my story that change the base nature of it. I feel like I have to fight to keep my stories very identity. And the website he got? Still not made after 3 weeks, but being made by a third party for nearly $1000. I get fed up with all this work I have to do for this activity I was doing for fun, and I let him go so I can make them at my own pace without having to fight again. He sounded absolutely defeated when I did this, on the verge of tears or rage, but he did keep his cool at least until I left. I did promise to reimburse him for the website even though I never asked for it in the first place. Am I an asshole for letting him go? Would I be an asshole if I, in the future, make a website for my stories? Would I be an asshole if I continued making these stories?"
1837,"AITA for not wanting anything to do with my ""friends"" that treated me like dirt? This is a LONG, complicated, stressful story, so please bear with me. I[19] have 2 friends that are also mutual friends. We will call them Mary[21] and Dave[20]. I have been friends with Dave for 7+ years. We went to school together and grew into adults together. Dave is a grade A asshole to everyone he meets. Good heart, but no filter and is very closed minded. Dave and Mary met at work a few years ago. They got really close. This summer, Mary, Dave, and I would all hang out together. Mary and I got really close. So we're basically the 3 Musketeers. Mary came to visit me at college on 10/21. She slept over in my dorm and parked her car on the street. When we woke up in the morning, I procrastinated leaving. About a half hour after we were suppose to leave, we actually left. Mary had gotten a parking ticket. I felt bad because it was my fault we were leaving late, so I told Mary I would take care of the ticket. Fine and dandy, we leave and that's that. Apparently this really pissed Dave and Mary off. I didn't know this until I came home for Thanksgiving break. Mary and I talked, I apologized for being the ass to make us late and for getting her the parking ticket. We made up, but not after her telling me that I'm a bad friend and what not. Dave and I had other problems, so when we talked, he told me how much of a horrible person I am, how he and I will never be as close as we used to, and how since he introduced me to Mary, I was disrespecting HIM by getting her a parking ticket. We ended the conversation on a better note, but not at all near the friendship we used to have. I paid the parking ticket of $25 on 10/30, and sent Mary the confirmation email. It was taken care of. Fast forward to 12/2, around 6pm. It's a Saturday. Mary sends me a text saying she got a court summons to the town that my school is in, an hour and 45 minutes from home, where she lives. She either has to pay $75 for her unpaid ticket, or come to court for 8am on 12/4. I paid the ticket, so something was up. Turns out, when I paid the ticket (I was at work after class, I'm a full time student with a part time job), I was either stressed or in a rush and paid the ticket ending in (changed for security? idk) 8342, I ACTUALLY paid ticket 8432, paying a random stranger's parking ticket. Simple mistake, I flip flopped 2 numbers. I can understand being stressed out and irritated by it, but both Mary AND Dave flipped out on me for it. Dave told Mary that I did this on purpose. The way Mary spoke to me was that I"
1838,"AITA for not wanting to declaw my cats even though that was a condition on my friend taking them? I’ll try to make this short. My dad relocated for a year and found a woman to watch his two cats (both 12 years old). Unfortunately this woman died from the flu last week. So I’ve been very panicked trying to find another place for my cats to live until my dad returns in July. One of my mother’s friends offered to help. I dropped off the cats yesterday but she made it very clear that she wanted to declaw them as she has cats as well and is worried about their safety. Although my cats have never once attacked each other or any human, I understand the concern. I did some research today and called a few vets to book the appointment, and I hadn’t realized just how dangerous it is for older cats to go through this procedure. It can cause so many complications and is incredibly painful for old cats. I don’t want to go back on my word, but the thought of causing any permanent damage to my sweet fur babies is making me sick to my stomach. I should note that I asked just about everyone I knew if they could take in these cats and this woman is the only one to respond. I don’t know what to do if she won’t keep them."
1839,"AITA update: AITA for calling the cops? Prior post: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/7i0r5x/aita_for_going_back_on_a_deal_i_shouldnt_have/?st=JAWVLZZA&sh=966b10de **TLDR: roommate stole from me, I told him he was being kicked out, he threatened suicide, I called the cops.** That post was about a strange favor my roommate manipulated me into doing for him: buying a laptop on my cr After the laptop was shipped, I decided to intercept the shipment and hold it until we could further discuss the matter, and I gave him an opportunity to repay the money he already owed me. I didn’t directly ask him for money - I simply made my presence known and waited for him to offer. He did not. Without further discussion with him, I went to the store and returned the laptop so that I wouldn’t be tempted to give in to further manipulation. While this was all going on, there were other issues going on and one of them was a case of disappearing alcohol. I had a box of wine in the fridge, unopened; on the day that he asked me to buy the laptop, I saw him drinking some and he said he’d had two glasses. I had a glass too. The next day I decided to pick up the box to see how much was left, and it was just about empty. I removed it from the kitchen. I wanted a drink and since the wine was gone I went to a bottle of bourbon I’d just recently opened which was in my bedroom, and I noticed that it was half empty. I didn’t remember drinking that much and suspected he may have come in my room to take some. So I lined it up a particular way so that I’d notice if it moved, and when I got home last night sure enough it had moved, although there wasn’t that much more missing. I texted him to confront. No answer, and when I looked for him he was sleeping on the couch. I was very upset and ready to kick him out over this massive breach of trust. This morning when taking my AM pills I discovered that my Adderall bottle was very light. It had to be missing at least 15 pills. I was livid, but I had to go to court so I just left. I texted him that this was the last straw and he would have to leave. I offered to forgive what he still owes me and pay airfare for him to get back to his family so that he didn’t have to risk homelessness in the northeast as the snow is starting. Eventually he texted back. No denial, just a short apology and “Never again. I honestly don’t know what to do. I am in a crisis.” Ordinarily this kind of language would be enough to make me cave but I held firm and told him we were past that, I will help him get somewhere else but he has to leave. He replied by threatening to kill himself. He repeated it a few times as I urged him to"
1840,"WIBTA for tossing a bunch of my grandmothers stuff? So my dad is a pack-rat, borderline hoarder. There is a literal ton of stuff in his house. His garage has been reduced to a single ""path"" barely a food wide at the bottom with stuff stacked to the rafters. If I were to toss a bunch of stuff after going through it and determining it is junk, would I be the asshole having thrown out a bunch of my deceased grandmother's ""stuff"" as well? This is assuming there is no one left living that can identify the origins of any of my fathers junk. Edit: No one left including him"
1841,"AITA for thinking the dog getting into some allergy medicine is my girlfriends fault? This just happened about two hours ago. I get home, let the dog out of his kennel, do my usual routine with him and then hop in the shower. Our dog is only about 5 months old so he still likes to get into stuff, and today he got some allergy medicine my girlfriend had left on her nightstand while I was in the shower. Chewed the bottle up pretty bad so I sent her a picture asking what it was so o could take the necessary precautions. Once I realized he would be fine I told her as much and to be sure and put it away next time where he couldn’t get to it. She responded by telling me he wasn’t allowed on the bed anymore because that’s how he got to it, so it wasn’t on her. I told her that he would have gotten to it regardless of the bed and that it really wasn’t a big deal. She goofed, which is okay, and now we know what to do in the future. She replied telling me she would put it in her drawer next time but that she still didn’t think it was her fault. This is where I started to think this was a bigger issue. I told her that I didn’t really get why she was so hung up on that one part of the situation and how I thought it was weird she couldn’t just say something like “Shit my bad” and move on. I reiterated again that it was no big deal but that it was worrying that her first response was to get defensive about the issue. She said it’s because she’s been trying to keep Bernie (our dog, just gonna use his name from now on) off the bed and since I let him on every once in a while he doesn’t listen to her (personally, I just don’t think she’s good at asserting dominance over him since she’s a pretty shy person in general). She said this was the reason she was getting defensive. At this point the conversation and taken a more emotional time. I told her that we could go back and forth over why Bernie doesn’t listen to her but at the end of the day she was trying to argue that fault lies with me or Bernard and not her. I shared my own explanation for why I thought she was getting defensive (ultimately that she cares so much for Bernie that she was trying to convince herself that the potential harm that could have come his way was out of her control) and it devolved into us essentially repeating the same things I’m angrier tones. The conversation eventually ended with me saying that I didn’t care whether or not she owned up to it but that I had expected more of her Our dog is fine so that isn’t my issue here. I take issue with the fact that she can’t"
1842,"AITA for wanting to complain Tonight I went out to hibachi for my birthday. People get all up in arms about stereotyping and I always am eager for someone to prove me wrong. And it’s happened. But not today. As we waited to be seated at our grill, this group of people stormed in, older couple and younger couple, who gave off a very strong white trash vibe. The language used, attire, thuggy stride, strong cigarette smell etc etc. We end up getting sat across from them at the grill. We find out the one girl with them works at the establishment as a lot of the workers swing by to say hello. The girl that works there is feeding them this alcoholic drink. At one point they proudly proclaim their on their 8 or 9th. Throughout the meal, he’s dropping f bombs, talking about dicks, and just being rather ignorant to how the experience is supposed to go. Basically acting like he’s at Burger King. “I’m not going to eat that salad! It has onions!” Insists they’re wrong when they try to tell him it’s just cabbage. Making sure the chef knows very well how he wants his meal done multiple times, but in the same breath that he doesn’t know anything about what’s going on and to just let the girl handle it. At some point another couple they know show up and within a few minutes he’s stood up declaring “its bullshit they can’t sit with them” and “fuck this establishment”. If you’ve gone to hibachi they like to fill their tables for the show. There was another couple seated with us as well. She tries to explain that they don’t have to leave, they just can’t sit at the table. He declares he’s just going to “fucking leave this establishment and sit in the car” because he thinks it’s bullshit. He walks away for a bit with the younger guy and the guy that just showed up. At this point the girl that works there is now showing some remorse and disappears for a moment. Turns out to pay the bill and GTFO ASAP. At one point she’s crying a little. They guys come back and douche canoe gives a half hearted apology for his outburst to the older woman. Not the girl who works there he just embarrassed the shit out of. Oh. And he got his New York strip well done. Am I an asshole for wanting to complain that this employee, while trying to do something nice for someone, did not take into account their someone’s caliber of a person before they brought them to their place of work? That their someone are likely unsuited for a social setting with strangers at $30 a plate and probably better accommodated at say, a Denny’s? I got to have my birthday meal inconvenienced by a lack of social awareness. I honestly would have been less annoyed had she owned up to the table he’d caused a ruckus and apologized."
1843,"AITA For asking my mother to pick up a car battery? My car battery died and is currently at my uncle's garage. My mother was going to my grandmother's house, which is in the same town as the garage and very close by, today. This morning, I asked my mom if she would pick up the battery on her way (the Walmart I bought it from is directly on the way to her destination) and drop it at my uncle's (her brother's) garage so he could install it today rather than me and my dad having to go there tonight and install it. I don't care that she said no. But when I asked, she exploded at me, calling me selfish and that it was my problem and not hers. I understand that, but I don't quite get why she couldn't just say no. Am I really a selfish asshole because I asked her to pick it up on her way? (I already paid for it.) My father says that me asking my mom to ""fix my car"" is backwards and that I'm selfish. So Reddit, am I the asshole? I throw myself to the mercy of the court."
1844,"AITA For Calling Out my Friends Constant Offensiveness? So I go to a small, rural high school, and have a 'friend group' that, while supposedly progressive, constantly makes fun of Jews with some pretty creative slurs and plenty of good good ole' Nazi imagery. They also really love making fun of feminism and occasionally singing Jim crow era songs when the mood suits them. This stuff is practically constant. Anyway, I got angry and sorta flipped out on them over discord. They insist that they are not in the wrong at all, that they are just doing this for the meme, and that their conversations aren't offensive because they are not being heard by any of the groups they are referring to. They say i'm being childish and too thin-skinned. So am I the asshole? Or are they?"
1845,"AITA for not really caring about my baby sister? Sorry for the clickbaitey title but I'm not sure how else to phrase this. I care about her as in I care about her wellbeing, but not really her day to day happenings. I guess I care about her more as though she's some random child and not a blood relative. Anyways, she's 3 years old and was born to my mom and her husband. I'm 19 and living with a close family friend just down the street. I live here and not with my mom because there's suddenly a lot of people living with my mom (her bf and his 2 kids, my sister, and two other relatives) and having grown up an only child in a household with just my mom and dad I couldn't stand all the chaos and noise. I mention this because I want to stress that I don't not care for her because I dislike my mom's bf. I don't like him, but I wouldn't take that out on a child. It's not her fault that her dad and I don't get along. However, the family friend I'm living with loooooves my sister. Whenever I get home from work she always wants to give my a play by play of what my little sister had done and I guess she expects me to dote over her as well, being as she's my sister, but I just... don't really care? I'm glad she's well and she seems to be a pretty smart kid and all but I just don't really give a shit about that cute thing she said, or how much she loves this cartoon. For the record, I've never said that I don't care about my sister, but I get the feeling that the family friend knows and is trying to push us to be closer. I guess the best word I could use to describe how I feel about her is ""Indifferent."" I feel about her as I would feel about someone I see on the street. I'm glad their alive, and if they look unhappy I would be sad for them, but I don't really want to know about their lives. I guess, with the evidence presented would I be an asshole? I certainly feel like a bit of a jerk for my indifference, but I don't outwardly show it and I would never be rude to her or anybody that wants to talk about her. Am I an asshole?"
1846,"AITA for losing all my spoons with my mother. So background info I have 1.5 year old son with an ex-girlfriend who my mom and Dad have never met despite numerous opportunities my ex and I have offered. My mom and I have had a tumultuous relationship since I was 16 (I’m 23). There’s been a lot of emotional manipulation on both sides, my mom telling me I’m worthless and aren’t capable of this or that and then apologizing by giving me money. And me just generally being an asshole to her having blocked her several times. Anyway flash forward to the other night my parents invite me over to their place for dinner after I decline their invitation to fly out to San Francisco for Christmas. I pretty much told both my mom and Dad that if they want to have a relationship with me they need to start getting involved with their grandson’s life. When they made it clear that wasn’t going to happen I stormed out of the house and blocked both of their contacts. AITA for making my parents relationship with me contingent on them being a part of my son’s life?"
1847,"AITA for blocking a girl I like I could bore you with a long winded story but I know it didn't really matter. The just is I asked a girl out and she said she was busy . I sent her a snap saying ""hey do you want to in the future, it's not big deal if you don't want to"". She replied a day later with a snap with no caption of her tree. So I kinda realize that She's not interested in me. While I wish she was more upfront I don't have any hard feelings toward her and just want to move on However, I'm willing to bet that she'll continue to send me snaps of nothing to keep our streak going. And I know that I still like her a lot and send snaps back trying to make conversation. In my eyes that's just cringey for everyone. Would I be an asshole if I blocked her, just to stop myself in the future?"
1848,"AITA for cutting off a friend with serious mental illness? AITA for cutting off someone I've known for fie years for issues not even directly done to me, but to a mutual friend? I'll refer to them as ""Alex,"" and the mutual friend as ""Jesse."" Alex and I had met IRL during some classes around high school, and hit it off immediately: we were both Tumblr people (I know, shhh), had a similar sense of humor and interests, and were both from abusive families and suffered from some pretty fucked up shit. That part will be relevant later. Alex was homeschooled, and introduced me to their online group of friends, including their now-boyfriend, and Jesse. We all got along beautifully - it was the gaming guild built in heaven, full of people with the same sense of humor who stayed up all night laughing and talking and just having a good time. It was absolutely wonderful for a lonely kid like me: for a long time, these people were my only friends, and I loved them to pieces. At some point along this line, Alex had some pretty Fucked Up Shit happen to them: their boyfriend at the time had extorted them, using suicide as a method to force Alex to stay with him, eventually leading to an explosive breakup and a really scarred Alex. Eventually though, everything was okay, and Alex ended up getting together with their current husband, someone in this same guild. Around this time, Jesse messages me asking for advice managing his feelings, and drops a huge one: he's in love with Alex, but they don't love him back. Jesse feels like he owes so much of his life to Alex that, and I quote, ""we might as well be the same person."" That was my first big hint that something really unhealthy was going on, and I express my concern. He then informs me that Alex had told him some pretty concerning stuff, and was so close to them because he felt closer to Alex than anyone he had ever known, and knew pulling away in any way would devastate them. Huge red flag #1. Alex, to leave their abusive family, eventually packs up and moves in with their now-husband in another state. This is the last time I see them in real life. A few years pass, and a huge triple-A shooter is released. We're all PUMPED to play, and start taking it pretty goddamn seriously. Almost too seriously. The guild splits into two factions: Alex, their husband, and their friends, wanting to take the game as seriously as possible, and Jesse, his friends, and I, wanting to just have a good time. The first faction's definition of taking the game seriously involved the complete ban of non-game-related chatter - effectively demolishing any ability to socalize while playing. That'd be perfectly fine, especially creating a different voice chat so they could play seriously while we had fun. But Alex instead decided to create an entirely new guild, with a voice chat LOCKING OUT the non-serious players,"
1849,"AITA for blocking someone on Steam? I know the title says ""Am I the Asshole"", but my real question is ""How much of an Asshole was I?"" - because I *was* (and am, but that's not the point) an Asshole. So around July, I got into PC gaming. I was browsing a general Steam LFG sub (/r/SteamFriends or something) when I saw a post made by someone around my age group with similar interests. We'll call this person Guy. I message Guy, and we start messaging eachother. Believe it or not, we had a lot in common - both trans, both introverts, etc. So for a while, everything is fine. Then one evening, Guy starts venting about various issues. I had no issue with this, and I didn't stop her. A few weeks later, it happens again. And again. And again. Sometimes, I talk about my problems... And the conversation suddenly starts to die down. Guy starts to talk about fetishes on several occasions, without any prompting (our conversations never took on a sexual nature). She'll often invite me to play gMod, then constantly spam my inbox while I load in (""FLUENT"" ""FLUENT!"" ""It's loading, give me a sec."" ""FLUEEEENT""). At this point, I'm really just humouring her. On multiple occasions, I told her that I don't use voice chat (I find it extremely stressful), and she continues to insist that I talk with her over Discord. (This is where I become the asshole) And then, Guy asks to begin a serious relationship. I panicked, and tried to humour her again. The entire friendship (well not a friendship at that point) becomes more and more demanding. So one day... **I blocked her**. I blocked her on Steam, Discord, everything. I had never felt so relieved, but I know that I was an asshole. So tell me, Reddit: #How *much* of an asshole am I?"
1850,"AITA for telling my boyfriend to confront his parents? So my boyfriend and I will have been together for 4 years in March and we are both a junior in college. Our degrees could possibly take us across the United States except I have no desire to move across the country with someone I've never lived with. We go to a Christian college but I'm not Christian and while he is he doesn't see everything the same as most. We dated online for our first year and met in real person in real life on our one year anniversary and this was highly arranged by his parents. I was a secret for about 7 months, to the point he hid under his stairs to call me and hung up whenever he felt his parents were coming down. It was mildly exhausting but I understood the precautions. Anyway, I'm 20 and he's 19 and he just got an internship for Software Engineering and I could not be more happy or proud of him. I have told him before I don't feel comfortable moving across the country with him unless we live together and he said he understood but that he didn't want to talk to his parents about it. Now, you have to understand my parents are divorced and have each been married and divorced like 5 times EACH. Marriage is not an ever lasting thing in my family and when I get married I want it to be once. I love my boyfriend with all my heart but I don't believe in getting married and then moving in together. I feel like people are most comfortable at home and that's when you get to see the true them. I have been wanting to live with him for our senior of college so that we can get a feel for how we do and if we can handle it. The problem is he doesn't want to confront his parents about it. This has been an on going argument along with other things about his parents. This next part is relevant I swear. My family doesn't care. While I know my parents love me they're shitty parents to put it bluntly. For the first 10 years of my baby sisters life she called me mom on accident so many times I was disappointed by it. I'm not around much anymore since I go to a uni in a different state. I've also lived with my best friend since I graduated high school to get out of the toxic household I lived in. Since then I've only had my own bed a handful of times. I appreciate everything my best friend and her family has done for me but to come home for break and live out of my suitcase, share a bed and be surrounded by other people's stuff is exhausting. Eventually we got an apartment ( more her than me since I'm gone a lot) but even though we shared a room the room was big enough to fit three Queen's in it"
1851,"WIBTA for not letting on of my classmates practice on me? So I’m currently in phlebotomy school, and all of the students have to practice on each other. It usually isn’t a big deal as most of us have steady hands, know how to select good veins, and know when to abort a draw. But there is one student, we will call her Jane, who worries me. She is scared of needles. She recoils when watching demonstations. I saw her CLOSE HER EYES before inserting the needle once. I overheard her saying “I don’t even know if this is a vein, but whatever” before inserting the needle. I know that people need to practice in order to get better, but the way she is doing this is dangerous. She gave three students hematomas last week. She probes with the needle when she misses, and doesn’t end the draw when someone says they are in pain. My veins are tricky (they lay deep and roll out of the way) as it is, and I really don’t want her giving me nerve damage by probing around in the wrong area and nicking something important. Would I be the asshole if I refused to let her, and only her, practice on me?"
1852,"AITA for covering my coworkers shift? Hello reddit, I'm so confused right now.... Yesterday, my co-worker called me and asked if I could do her nightshift, because she had an emergency. I agreed and did her shift. She did mine then today. Now we are even I thought, but no. It turns out that she has a nightshift today! So she would have to work twice a day and I understand that this is bs. Now I have a appointment for a job interview the next day in the morning that I can't miss. I tried to reschedule my appointment, but the company said it is not possible. It is my dream job and I won't miss this opportunity. Now everyone in my current workplace sais I'm the asshole for not taking her shift now and all of them are disappointed with me because of this, that I'm not such a team player. Edit: The whole team is furious at me and my boss wants to talk with me. I just don't get it. Well new year, new job. Fuck this place."
1853,AITA- Girlfriend wants to commit suicide because I won't fuck her. AITA for wanting to break up with her because of this? I want to be there for her but she claims the only thing I can do for her is fuck.
1854,"AITA for telling my brother to turn on the car? So my brother and I go to the same community college and I take him to school pretty much everyday because he doesnt have his own car. Since it is beginning to get cold out I think it is only fair to tell him to turn on the car which is parked behind our house. He got mad at me and would not turn on the car and said lets go and just wait for the car to warm up. I did not want to do that because at this point I wanted him to turn on my car because I had asked him to. We were going to be late to our class and he grabbed one of my parents cars and left. So when we brought it up to my parents they agreed with me and said that it's fair since I'm not even asking him for gas money. He then proceeded to blow up and say ""Why would I pay for gas money? We're going to the same place. It's common sense, why would i pay him?"" So then he just kept saying it's common sense not to pay me since we're going to the same place. So who is being the asshole & who is right in this argument?"
1855,"AITA for getting offended about critism, when I was just trying to help? Hey all- am I the asshole here? If I am please tell me. I used to paint for a living, and my friend was going to paint some built-in shelves. I told him I could do it. He has major OCD was wanting to micromanage. I told him that I had it, don't worry about anything. Now I had spent 10+ hours over a few days working on this. I was done with some basebords and part of the shelves, and later after I was home, he told me he cut his finger while trying to cut off a paint drip on the end of a board, and then he also told me the top ""looked like shit"" and that if I had just followed his numerous procedures this would never happen. (I was not done with the top, and of course I was going to go over everything when I was done and finesse anything that needed fixed, so the couple of drips [on the ends of baseboard that no one would see] would be fixed in due time.) Well, this has turned into an all-out drama fest. He is aggravated that I didn't follow his procedures, and said that if I did then his stuff ""wouldn't look like shit"". My view on it is that he got hours of free work in return for a few minutes of fixing anything that is not up to his standard, becuase there is no way I will ever help him again. He is pissed that I ""don't care about the drip"" and if I would've done it his way, this would not have happened. I'm pissed because it is like he is so focused on what's not right (that was going to be fixed!) that he doesn't appreciate what I did do. I told him he was looking a gift horse in the mouth, and if I was in his situation I would've not said anything and just fixed it myself if I was that concered with it. I don't know, AITA or is he?"
1856,"AITA for hating my bf mother? My bf and I have been together for almost 5 years. I HATE his mother. She manipulates her children and their mates and no one will even put up a fight! For 4 years in a row she has thought up what she feels my bf owes her then demands I pay her out of my tax returns. The latest development is when her brother beat up his wife and put her in the hospital. My bf mother already has her father in law, her son and his 2 kids living in her 3 bedroom house with her. So what does she do? She lets her beat up sister in law, sister in law new bf and her 3 kids move in! They also have a dog that bites everyone. Bf mother told them to get rid of the dog. They are keeping it in their car instead. She wants my bf to call and report them for animal cruelty. I don't understand why she can't do it herself. He told her he didn't want to get involved. So she told him not to come over until he does what she tells him to do. I know my bf loves her. She had him when she was only 15. He tells fond memories of his mom that sounds more abusive than anything. She's tried to over dose on her medication multiple times! She tells her kids it's their fault that she tries. I used to like her a lot. But over the years she's gotten progressively worse. Now I can't stand this woman! The last time I talked to her she called me to bitch me out because her son loves me more than his family. Then she told me I'm making him turn his back on his family. Including his kids with an ex. He loves his children and spends as much time as he can with them. She then proceeded to tell me that since he loves me more and I'm now calling the shots for him I have to get her approval for anything we decide to do. I've distanced myself as much as possible. I've talked to my bf about everything. But he says there is nothing we can do without pissing her off. I honestly don't care if living my own life with him pisses her off. I know the situation upsets my bf. But honestly I could care less if she kills herself. AITA for wanting nothing to do with her?"
1857,"AITA for telling my ex she is dead to me? We broke up the day after thanksgiving, admittedly, because I was an asshole and had been for a while. (We were together for ~2.5 years) We tried to keep it civil, still talk some, check up and make sure the other is doing well, and a few times we even caught a meal together. We were sitting in her truck talking because I had asked her if we could and she obliged. We were talking and the conversation turned to me asking if she regretted being with me and she said no, asked me the same, I said no. Then she said that she had told me she didn't want to end up like my parentsh (separated and kinda hate eachother) but here we were (fair enough) and that she was just glad that she didn't have a baby out of it. (Also, fair enough.) But then she added to it. ""I'm just glad I don't have a Wesley"" knowing full well that my mother regularly gets drunk and tells me about how I ruined her life. (For the record I know it was my mother's choices, of which I am just a biproduct) which doesn't bother me when it comes from my mother because I know she's just hurt and doesn't like where her life is right now. But to hear it cone from someone I've cared for and taken care of as best as I could for so long. It hurt. I immediatly got out of her truck, got in my own, and drove to my buddy's house (I was on my way to the park by the river to kill myself if I'm being totally honest, the breakup hadn't exactly been *kind* to me up to this point, but I passed his house and had sense enough to stop and give him my shotgun.) And started drinking. And I kept drinking. I got the most fucked up I had ever been in my (admittedly, short, 18 year old) life. And eventually, hours later she calls me, I answer and she asks, ""hey are you okay?"" To which I respond, ""I'm at Evan's house, I'm alive, I'm drunk. That's all you need to know.) And then texted her ""what you said was really fucked. It hurt, and you only said it to hurt me. I don't need that in my life, you're dead to me"" and blocked her on *everything* (if there's one thing drunk Wesley is good at its cutting communications) and I'm not sure if that was an asshole thing to say or not. I should also note that now that I'm sober and looking at it, I still would've said the same. TL;DR, my ex said some fucked up stuff to me and I said some fucked up stuff back while drunk. Edit: I broke the seal, so I came back and broke it some more, fuck it."
1858,"AITA - arguing with OP about her former professor taking her on a date Sometimes I browse r/relationships and come across what I think are some really dumb assumptions. The OP was hesitant to go out with a former professor of hers and one of the posters said his actions were manipulative and I disagreed. The OP responded to my post and is trying to get me to agree that the professor was being manipulative, when I think that there was no manipulation and she should have known for herself that she was under no obligation to sleep with him regardless of how much money he spent on taking her out for a nice date/evening. Can someone chime in here and read it over and see who's right and who's wrong. Would like to know if I'm being an asshole lol. Here's where my messages start going back and forth with the OP: https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/7j3tko/i_think_my_23f_former_professor_38m_is_trying_to/dr3jrgi/ You might want to read the thread tho for more details."
1859,"AITA for not reaching out/apologising to my friend? I will refer to my two friends as E and J. I apologise in advance as this is quite a long one. First, a little backstory: E, J and I have been friends for around 6 years. We were a trio up until E and J fell out about 6 months ago. The reason they fell out was a whole other drama in itself, but basically can be summarised as E being unhappy that J was ‘ditching us’ for a new boyfriend. In actuality, J had only asked to rearrange a girls night so she could see her boyfriend that night instead. The whole thing was blown out of proportion and as a result, E no longer wanted to speak to J, but I stayed friends with J because… well, why wouldn’t I? I know they had a big falling out over messenger in which some pretty harsh comments were thrown back and forth, but I made it clear to them both that I wasn’t going to take sides. Fast forward to last Friday night. As I said, I’m still friends with both E and J even if they won’t talk. If I’m honest, I’ve always been closer with E and she lives in the same town as me, so I have spent more time with her in the 6 months since the trio broke up. However, it was J’s birthday last week which I wasn’t able to attend, so I invited her to my flat for a takeaway and drinks. A little into the night, J told me her dad had died earlier in the week. J had a weird relationship with her dad; she was basically raised by her grandparents and rarely saw either of her parents, but he was still her dad so she had some very mixed emotions about it. We discussed it a little, but almost as quickly as J had brought it up, she changed the topic. A short while later, I went to the bathroom and when I did, I sent E a message letting her know what had happened to J’s dad. E and J have had fallings out in the past, but part of what always brought them back together was when one reached out to the other after some emotional event that made them forget their falling out. I will admit at this point, I was being selfish in hoping I could get the two of them talking again. I also felt E ought to know, and that it might make her realise how insignificant their falling out was in the first place. *This is where I first evaluate my Asshole Status.* In retrospect, if J had wanted E to know about her dad, I’m sure she would have told her herself. I am an Emotional Drunk, but I can’t 100% use that as my excuse. At first, E and I exchanged empathetic comments and she seemed 100% ready to forget about what had happened and reach out to J herself. However, at this"
1860,"AITA for not wanting my mom at my graduation? I walk the stage for my Associate's in May; before I head to a University and start my journey towards an Bachelor's in Mechanical Engineering. It was hard getting my associates because I struggled with depression (caused, a majority of the time by my psychotic, narcissistic mother and her behavior). In the course of my lifetime, my mom has physically abused me, emotionally manipulated me, and gaslighted me. She's ruined every romantic relationship I've ever been in, chasing each guy off within a few short years. Things she's done to me within the last two years, in chronological order: - Alienated me from my sibling by pitting us against each other. - I failed a math class(took the advanced course over the following summer, passed with a B), and she stormed into my room drunk and told me that because I failed I was a disappointment, that I clearly wasn't smart enough for my major, and should just drop out.(April/2016) - During that same drunken rant, told me that she loved my brother more ""because he isn't in her face all the fucking time"". (April/2016) - During that same drunken rant, she also told me if she could, she'd have had my brother first and then gotten sterilized. (April/2016) - Threw 3 full glass jars of pasta sauce at me, which shatteted as they hit the ground, showering me with broken glass and left me bleeding, taken dry goods out of the pantry and thrown them at me, then proceeded to **grab my face, drag me close to her, whisper ""I wish I could hurt you"", before bouncing my head off of our refrigerator**. Why? Because I wanted to use my own money to buy McDonalds(September/2016). - Stormed into my room, held me down by my ponytail, and punched me around my head, face, and back because my ex hadn't paid her the rent he owed her. (Jan/2017) - Charged me because I told her I couldn't do something she wanted me to do on her timeline, she caught me by the hair, and ripped a two inch section clean from my scalp. (Thanksgiving/2017) - When my dad grabbed her to stop her from hitting me, she bit down on his arm, and broke the skin. She pulled away, slapped the gray out of his hair, and then threatened to have us both tossed into jail for touching her. (Thanksgiving/2017) - Accused me and my dad of having a prolonged, sexual relationship behind her back(he's my biological father)(Thanksgiving/2017). - Denies having told me to drop out of school, and attempted to gaslight me. (Dec/2017) Basically, I'm done with her shit. I don't want her in my life anymore, therapy hasn't worked(she just lies to them and makes herself out to be the victim), reasoning hasn't worked, compromise hasn't worked, and I'm done trying. I honestly don't have a need, or a want for her constant, overwhelming drama. I have plans to go No Contact when I leave for College in Fall/2018, but my"
1861,"WIBTA if I buy my brother a gift when we said we wouldn’t do that? Right before my brother’s birthday this year he came to me and asked if we could just not buy each other gifts in general. We both have a hard time coming up with ideas for gifts and usually our gifts to each other dont mean much. I agreed and since then I havent gotten him a gift for his birthday and he hasnt gotten me a gift for mine. My question is, if I get my brother a christmas gift without telling him beforehand, wibta?"
1862,"AITA For telling my friend to stop being controlled by his girlfriend. Just for a bit of backstory I have known this friend for several years, we went to school together and am currently at college with him. He has been with his girlfriend for a couple of years now and have remained a strong couple throughout their relationship. The only problem I have is when ever she tells him to do something or behave in a certain way he just does it. I know for the most part this is none of my business but sometimes it really gets him down and I feel is emotional abuse. I know that he is just the sort of person that likes to please everyone but he shouldn’t feel the need to lower his mood in order to please her all the time right? Sometimes I slip in a few jokes about it when it isn’t a serious issue but AITA for pointing this issue out to him? He does sometimes get quite depressed when I say it in a serious manner that he doesn’t need to be at her beck and call, I haven’t brought it up lately. Give me judgment reddit, AITA?"
1863,"AITA Because I kicked my brother out? So to start off the story, my family is from a very economically depressed area of the US. Not a lot of opportunities where I'm from. Anyhow, my wife and I invite my brother to come live with us. We know he's a smart guy (he's 29 btw), we know he hangs out with people who are holding him back, we know jobs aren't just growing on trees back home, and we know he's about a year away from graduating college (which he dropped out of). I make the offer to him to come live with us under the condition that he works or is school, but preferably both. He accepts. A few mutual friends of ours told me this was not a good idea. I've been away for a while and have not seen how unreliable my brother has gotten to be in the last few years. But I assure them it'll all change once he gets away from these bad influences. Anyhow, he moves in and it takes him about 2 months to find a job. He had an interview for a good job almost immediately, but he bombed it. I had helped him write his resume, and I churched it up a bit, his work history is patchy and he's been fired from most jobs. I told him what to say in regards to his resume and he couldn't keep up with the very simple story I laid out for him. When they caught him in the lie he didn't get the job and he blamed me. Anyhow, he finally gets a job working 40 hours a week. Good, right? Well, he worked from home. Okay, not convenient, but at least he's working. He called off sick from that job about every 3 weeks claiming he'd earned the time off for putting in a full work week. After about 2 months, they fired him. Then he lived off his meager savings for a while and drank and played video games. His two favorite things. He made messes and got angry when we asked him to pick up after himself. If my wife asked him for any help around the apt, he'd yell at her and get confrontational. He worked other jobs here and there and it was always the same thing. He'd get fired, or he'd quit before they could fire him. After about a year, I told him that if he quit a job without having another lined up, I'd kick him out. If he got fired, I'd kick him out. So he says he's going to go back to school. Great, right? Well, he told his employer that in 4 weeks time he'd be submitting his two weeks notice. He did this is a position where he had very little value to the company. Guess what they did? They fired him. He begged and pleaded with my wife not to tell me. He kept calling it a ""calculated risk"". Saying he needed the time off from working to apply to"
1864,"AITA for mooching off of my neighbors' heating? I live in the upper midwest in one of the coldest states in a an apartment building. During the winter months, I completely turn off my heating unit. I typically like to keep my apartment cooler, like 68-69 throughout the year. However, in the winter months I have discovered that even though I will turn off my heating unit, my apartment still maintains anywhere between 69-72 degrees at all times due to the collective heating of all the neighboring units in the building. This means that they end up paying for more net heat production, while I go at least 3 or 4 months without paying for energy for heating. I am not asking anyone to do this, it just seems I found an easy way to keep my apartment warm without paying for it!"
1865,"AITA if I ""accidentally"" locked my mother in law in the basement for awhile? We moved outta the house because my mother in law keeps on showing up uninvited. Now she's visited us for a week and she's all up in our face all the time. My wife and I don't have time for each other anymore. None at all tbh. So earlier today, she was in our basement trying to look for her old button up shirt (don't ask why she thought it was in the basement of OUR house, miles away from hers). She asked if I could join her down there in case she needs a hand. So I did. Helped and all. My wife was about to leave for work so I went up to lock the front door. My mother in law slammed the basement door on me for ""not wanting"" to help her. The door got stuck. I'm now in the living room watching TV. She's asking to be let out, I think I'll let her stay there for awhile. She not senile, she's just about 50 years old, she can manage for awhile."
1866,"AITA: For getting irritated that autism is treated like a superpower in fiction books? So, I'm reading this book and a little autistic boy helps the super hacker crack a government level encryption with his magical powers of autism and not once did they mention being a savant. My friend believes that I'm being prejudice against people with Autism but I'm sure he's taking his opprotunity to be on his soap box. Am I the asshole for not wanting a mental disorder perpetuated as as superhuman ability that is only present in a minute amount of sufferers?"
1867,"AITA for quitting my job on the spot? Obligatory this happened about 4 months ago. The day before I quit my job as a line cook at a popular grocery store, I reached my breaking point. My fellow line cooks were being yelled at by a manager of a different department because we weren't doing our jobs correctly(?). I knew we were right because the head chef, our boss, told us so. Well as this manager was yelling at us and me specifically, my boss just refused to stand up for us. He also had a bad habit of under staffing us during our busiest hours and giving himself the easy hours. (Our busiest hours were from 5-7 for dinner rush). After we finished our working hours at 8, we still had to clean the kitchen and dining area which would take 4 people about an hour to do. Several times I was left with only one other worker, turning our 8 hour workday into a 10 hour workday. He also refused to compensate us as full time employees, even if we put in more than 40 hours a week. So about 2 hours before my shift the day after the other departments manager yelled at us, I went to HR and quit, leaving only 3 people left for the shift and the chef had to come in and actually work during dinner rush. I should also say that the store had opened about 2 months before this, and I had worked there from day 1, as did all my other fellow line cooks and we received minimum training. Am I the asshole for quitting without a two week notice?"
1868,"WIBTA for not covering a shift I cannot work for a coworker in a dire situation? Sorry for any formatting errors, this is my first time posting and I am on mobile. Short version at bottom. I work at a sit-down casual grill as a cashier. One of my coworkers, also a cashier, asked me to cover her shift because somebody close to her died. The shift is 5-9:30. However, I had asked for today off because I have a mandatory band concert from 6:30-9ish. My school’s band program is serious and I cannot stress how important it is to attend concerts. Students are given the dates of all concerts at the beginning of each year, and it you miss it, you get a zero (unless it’s an emergency). I know I’ll get a zero if I miss it to cover for her. I’m not 100% sure how it would be integrated into my grade for this period. Best case scenario I go from a 100 to an 83 (B), but it’s just as likely to be a 67 (D). Overall I’d still be able to pull a 90 (A) in band for this semester (semester grade is the average of the grades from three periods and one final exam), so my GPA wouldn’t be affected. However, there is another problem missing the concert would cause - it would negatively affect the band. I am the only trumpet player on some of the trumpet parts for some of our songs, especially the more important ones. And the trumpet section is already too small for the composition of the band. My gut says don’t cover. Would I be the asshole if I don’t cover? Alternatively, I guess there’s a chance I could cover for her just for an hour (5-6). But I do have a ton of homework I’d have to stay up late or wake up early to do. Would I be the asshole if I don’t suggest to do that for her? _____________________________ TL;DR: Somebody close to my coworker died and she asked me to cover, but I have a mandatory and important band concert. Will I be the asshole for declining? And should I offer to cover for an hour of the shift I could work even if I have a larger homework load? Edited because a phrase was in the wrong spot"
1869,"AITA for telling my friend to stop chatting shit in a game and then implying i'm better than him? I've recently started playing r6s and cuz i have thousands of hours in csgo i have had a decent head start. During a late night game today my friend was doing absolutely awful, 0-0-5, but was chatting shit to his teammates doing much better than him. I essentially said ""mate your going 0-0-5 you cant chat shit"" he responded something along the lines of ""yeah but that is in no way my fault"" I said something like ""ehhhh, i mean, you cant blame this on something else man"" This is where i think it gets complicated he basically shouts back ""Yeah Well i'm better than you!"" this was in a very aggressive tone, i snap back ""i mean that's debatable"" for reference, I've been carrying him these last few games while he has essentially doing nothing, id never talk shit but after he said this i just got mad. After i said that he just left both the game and discord Sorry if this story makes no sense or is written poorly, its currently early in the morning after a long night. Thanks in advance!"
1870,"AITA: If I’m pissed about my roomate inviting her tender date to sleep on our couch My roomate and I have been living together for 6 months. She asked me if her Tinder date, whom she has only met one time with no mutual friends, could spend the night on our couch. She said it’s because he lives 57 miles away and she wants to have a bon fire in our backyard when she gets off at 11:30 PM tonight. Am I the asshole to say absolutely not?"
1871,"AITA for saying “excuse me” to a little boy? I was at a play and went to the washroom during intermission. On my way out, there was a little boy (maybe 4 years old) standing in line with his mom and blocking the exit. I say “excuse me, sorry” and get no response. Again I say “excuse me, sorry”. All of a sudden the mom says, angrily, “He’s a CHILD”. I look up at her and say “huh?”, mostly in disbelief. AITA? Should I have done something differently?"
1872,"AITA for going to a concert with my friend's ex? Background: Been friends with this girl (X) for a few years. She started dating this guy (Y). We'd all hang out and I became friends with him as well. Fast forward a couple years and they break up and I implicitly ask her if she had a problem with me still hanging out with Y as he is a cool dude. X says no problem. Hung out a couple times with Y before this story with no issues on her part. The story: A couple weeks ago, one of my favorite bands was playing this super special show in Brooklyn that sold out pretty quickly, before I could get a ticket. A couple days before said show, Y and I were talking and lo and behold he has an extra ticket. Asks if I want it. Hell yes! I just can't tell X he gave it to me. hmm. ok.. As chance would have it, the night before we were going to drive out to Brooklyn (we all live in Detroit), there was another cool show going on locally. X and I came together, and Y and his sister and friend came together. The problem? Y didn't tell his sister and friend not to mention the fact we were all going out to see this show tomorrow. So they keep bringing up how great it is going to be and I keep kinda trying to quickly change the subject. But by the end of the night X finally gets it and is like, ""Wait.....are you going with them??"" I reluctantly confess. Cue her punching and kicking me repeatedly. What I didn't know is that she had asked Y if she could go with them and he had said no before the ticket was offered to me (really, who wants to spend a 10 hr car ride with their ex??). X has been ignoring me ever since. The show was fucking amazing, though... Am I the asshole, Reddit? If it makes a difference, I'm a straight male. **TL;DR: I didn't tell my friend that I was going to a super exclusive show with her ex-bf that she wanted to go to. I really wanted to go to this show, so obliged when her ex told me not to tell my friend that he was giving me the ticket**"
1873,"AITA for breaking a peer’s nose in self defense? At my college there is a mentally challenged kid (anger issues and impulsivity) that will spontaneously start harassing other students. One day he got a willow branch (don’t ask me how, I don’t know) and started whipping people with it (staff, teachers, and pretty much everyone else he could get to easily. I stepped in his way to stop him from hurting others and he, no surprise, starts whipping me. I got a little frustrated and punched him in the face so I could get away. I later found out that he broke his nose."
1874,"AITA for asking a roommate to pay for damages after he punched through a glass window? Roommate ""Mike"" got drunk last weekend and something pissed him off. He decided to [punch through a big pane] of glass in our building entrance to let off some steam (??) and had to go to the ER to get bandaged up. He tried to hide it from us but some local cops knocked on our door telling us blood led to our apartment a few floors up and asked if I knew anything. They didn't believe me when I said I didn't (at the time I had no idea where Mike was or that he had anything to do with the door) but left anyway. Mike gets home with his arm bandaged up and I ask him if he's going to reach out to the landlord to take responsibility and offer to pay for damages and cleanup. He says he ""doesn't want to"" a few times and walks out of the room. We haven't talked much since. Last night he said he wanted me to apologize to him for asking him to reach out to the landlord. Am I an asshole for asking that and not wanting to apologize to him? EDIT: Forgot to finish a sentence."
1875,"AITA For avoiding with someone because of how they act outside of face to face interactions. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I couldn't think of a perfect way to word this title. I am not avoiding the person completely. I will continue to talk to them like a friend while face to face, and I will go to events they invite me to, but I will not go out of my way to associate with this person. I will not initiate any conversation, and will treat them like an associate. I realize that my title and explanation are broad, but my example is quite the opposite. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Background: I believe I have abandonment and self-esteem issues that have caused me to become a loner, because it is easier than dealing with people. However, I have recently (within the last year) tried to get out of my comfort zone and make 'friends'. I suffer from mild depression and can come off as an asshole at times, but I have been getting better with this over time. I believe that I am boring to be around and that no one finds me interesting, but for some reason these people 'like' to talk to me. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;EX Cook: Cook acts like a good friend when we are face to face, but when we text he takes hours to respond and when he does respond he never seems interested. ( The same way I act when I don't like someone). We can make plans face to face and he'll be excited, but when we text about it later he never replys or waits until it is way to late to go. He has admitted to me in private that he hates confrontation so my guess is that he doesn't really like me, but doesn't have the heart to say so. (He's the type that has to get along with everyone he knows) &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;EX Edd: Edd and Cook are really good friends. They hang out almost every weekend and sometimes they invite me. (I don't pay any money to them or for them, so it's not to take advantage of me) Edd and me get along okay, but if it wasn't for cook we wouldn't be friends. Edd never responds to any of my text and acts really friendly to me face to face, but anytime I turn around I know hes glaring at me. I remember once when I was talking to Victor and jokingly acted like an asshole (me and Victor are good friends),I turned around Edd said ""yea, I fucking hate that guy,"" under his breath to Edd. Usually I would take this as a joke, but Edd didn't even say it loud enough for me to hear it clearly. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;So I want to throw these people back into my associates folder, but I'm not very good with relationships. I don't know if this is normal behavior and if I am just over reacting. Some people might say I'm being childish by thinking so much into this, but I don't want to be around people who act this fake. I have"
1876,"AITA for shaming my sister into picking up my Grandpa at the airport? So I have work tomorrow morning and have to get up at like 7, if Im late one more time I might be fired or severely reprimanded, my grandpa gets to the airport at 12, and it would take me over an hour to commute back home and my mom told me to pick him up which didn’t make any sense to me because my sister isn’t doing anything tonight besides her weekly routine of getting blackout drunk which she can very well do past 12, but doesn’t want to pick him up, so we got into a big fight and I reminded her of all the recent petty things shes done to me and she told me she was depressed and getting drunk is her release so I said it’s OK I’ll pick him up and now she won’t let me, am I the asshole because I genuinely feel bad"
1877,"Aita for walking off my anger after my husband dragged me with the car? It’s not quite as cut and dry as the title makes it seem. Full back story: A few weeks ago, my husband (and to avoid any confusion, I’m a dude, too) tells me about a Christmas party where Santa will be taking photos with kids. Our daughter is one year old, so she doesn’t really even know what Santa is, but I figure it might be fun anyway, so I say we should go. Fast forward to a day before the party. It is starting to snow, and we’re in one of those southern towns that shuts down when it snows, so there’s a pretty good chance the party won’t happen. My husband tells me we’re probably not going, and he doesn’t really even want to go anyway. Ok with me. Fast forward again to the day of the party. As my husband is jumping into the shower, he tells me in a sort of panicked voice that I need to get myself and our daughter ready to go to leave for the party in ten minutes. I’m in sweats with a milk stained shirt, and I haven’t showered in days. The fact that my husband changed his mind about going to the party (and the fact that it wasn’t canceled) is news to me at this point. The kiddo needs a diaper change, change of clothes (she’s in pajamas and it’s cold out), and I need to get some food ready for her (I have no idea how long we’re going to be there). So I change her diaper, get her into something warm, and pack up some bottles and food. By this time my husband is out of the shower and is freaked out that I’m not dressed yet. I try to explain to him why I’m not ready in a neutral tone of voice, but I am a little irritated. Anyway, I get ready as quickly as I can. We go out the door. He’s trying to get me to run while carrying the baby. We get to the car, and he freaks out that the child seat isn’t in the car. I tell him it’s in the car in the garage, so he runs to the garage. The garage door opens and he comes screeching out. I open the door and neutrality tell him that it’s important that he calm down, that we’re only going to see Santa, and that it will mean very little to her. He tells me that he IS CALM, but we have an APPOINTMENT to keep. Against my better judgment, I begin buckling our daughter into the car seat, but before I can finish, my husband drives the car down the driveway, with me hanging out the door. I yell at him to stop. He notices what is happening, stops the car. I slam the door, walk to the house, slam the door behind me, walk to the back door. As I’m walking through the house I hear him"
1878,"AITA for giving someone else’s kid a dirty look. My best friends sister was over at our house ( we live together) I was washing vegetables, and my best friends sister had her kids over. One of the sons touched a dog we had flea treated (and warned him not to touch) so he ran to the sink where I was washing vegetables and stuck his hands right on top of the food I was washing. I gave him a look of shock (it might have been a dirty look tbh but I didn’t say anything to him, I was so shocked that this kid did this.) His mom didn’t say anything, but my best friend (his aunt) told him to go to the bathroom and wash his hands. My best friends sister is going around telling everyone what a bitch I am, that I’m horrible with kids, and that I shouldn’t be disciplining other people’s children. I am so shocked by this, she keeps telling my best friend to look at her side and I just can’t see where she’s coming from. For reference, this happened this summer and she is still upset. So please reddit, tell me, am I the asshole?"
1879,"AITA for accepting a gift from a girl at work I’m 31, and married. She asked me a couple weeks ago what my animals names are so she could get them a present. Normally, I know my wife would flip if she knew a girl got our cats presents, but work girl does it for everyone who has animals. My wife still says it’s inappropriate because I’m married, even though I won’t be the only one."
1880,"AITA For Calling the Cops? For starters I'm a veteran, I have veteran plates on my car and live in an apartment complex. Tonight we got home at 6:15pm and went to walk our dogs at 6:45pm. When my wife and I walked out there was an unusual Amazon package outside. It was not my name, apartment number, or even my building number. So there is no way that it could even be mistakenly left there. Having gone through a lot of IED training and felt with suspicious packages before, a hundred red flags went off. I didn't touch it, or move it. My wife, my dogs, and me are currently at the back of the apartment and we're not moving until the cops get here. I called the cops and the dispatcher sounded annoyed. AITA? Edit: Cops came, they knocked, when I went outside the guy was shaking the box and moving it, no K9s, they said it was no big deal and left. Package is still outside, I'll let the complex worry about it in the AM. Edit 2: I did some sleuthing and found the guy who's package it is. He's going to get it in the morning. Showed me the Amazon receipt. He doesn't know I called the cops on the package in a ptsd anxiety state of mind. To be so blissfully unaware of the world again."
1881,"AITA for contesting a grade? Okay so for one of my classes there was a final group project/report/presentation. It was a proposal type thing and in the lab handout it said that groups are competing against each other and that losing proposals will be docked points (-5 for second, -10 for third, -15 for 4th/5th). At the time everyone just thought those were going to be the only deductions since no rubric was ever handed out. Low and behold my group comes in 4th. On the online grading posting system my college has (blackboard) it’s revealed that we deducted points both for stuff we missed AND if we weren’t the winning proposal. For example, our handed back report said 67/75, good for 89%, a solid report. But online it says 52/75 with a description of “report + losing penalty” which is a 69%, D+. To us this seems like double jeopardy, getting counted off twice for the same mistakes. Obviously it wasn’t perfect, if we would’ve gotten a 75/75 then our proposal would have been chosen as the winner. Seems ridiculous to deduct 15 additional points. Anyway my group is pissed and we are trying to contest the grade. All I’ve gotten back from my academic advisor is that our case is weak because the grading system was stated in the lab handout. Are we the assholes for trying to contest?"
1882,"AITA for leaving work unfinished when I am getting laid off? I am being laid off in 6 days and while I am on good terms with my closer coworkers, I don’t care one bit about the company as a whole. I can find stuff to keep me occupied for the next few days to stay busy or I can specifically try to tie up loose ends and setup meetings to hand off work and educate my coworkers on what needs to be done after I am gone. What do you guys think?"
1883,"AITA for not approving of my nephews new relationship? My nephew has has just turned 18 a few months ago. He recently left his girlfriend of 2 years who is 5months pregnant with his child (no question on that one, it is his) He left without warning, just went to “work” one morning and sent her a text message to say it’s over and that he has another woman on the go and he is moving in with her! His new “girl”friend is a 32yo single mother of three. Here is where my problems lie. First off, I can accept his relationship broke down with his ex, but there is ways of ending a relationship and then there was what he did. I’m appalled by his actions. Secondly, the age difference itself is not a problem to me (my wife is 20yrs older than me) but his age is. As much as he wants me to believe he is a man, he still acts and behaves very much like a boy and the way he chickened out of of ending his relationship properly tells me that. If he was say... 25 and she was 40? Cool, I still don’t like the way He ended his relationship but I have no problem with his new relationship. It has me beat though, his new partner knows exactly what he did... I mean he was cheating on his ex with this woman and as a single mum of three, she knows what this kid is about to go through, so what sort of person does that make her? Two days ago at a family dinner (our first in two years because of geographical locations) he brings the new gf and her kids to meet his grandparents, his mum and her partner and his Uncle and Auntie (myself and my wife) and can’t figure out why we aren’t excited for him. When I try to explain to him what we are all thinking, he loses his mind and starts abusing everyone. When he starts abusing my wife for being a “hypocritical bitch” as he said, I physically removed him from the house to cool off. No I don’t take any shots or anything similar just simply grabbed him by the scruff of the neck and dragged him through the front door. (I’m a big guy and he isn’t big at all) his girlfriend politely excused herself from the table with the kids and they left. AITA? I’m feeling really guilty over this. Like I should’ve given him a chance. Because he is so young, I can’t really expect him to see our point of view can I? It’s something he needs to understand himself. Abusing my wife was definetly the last straw. She doesn’t need that crap and when I’m in a position to remove that crap, I will. Any bumps or bruises he gained were unintentional, he kicked and screamed the whole way out, but I just kept on dragging. I don’t know... I don’t think I am the arsehole... and I just feel guilty"
1884,"AITA for not sharing manufacturer's contact with people other than friends? I'm an illustrator, and one of my many hustles is designing enamel pins and selling them online. My pins are manufactured by a small third-party factory. Pin making, collecting, and trading is a popular thing among illustrators and art enthusiasts at the moment, so I'm constantly getting direct messages on Instagram from random people asking me where I get my pins made. No hello, no introduction, just, ""I want to make some pins. Where do you get your pins made?"" These aren't people who follow me, purchase from my shop, or support my business in any way. I usually ignore the DMs. Surface level reason: I feel that I don't owe these people that information because they haven't supported my business. However, I will share that info with friends or people who have supported my business in the past. Deeper reason: I've had issues with factories taking on more orders than they can handle and the quality turning to shit. I had to stop using those factories. I don't what to see that happen with my current manufacturer. As I said, I do give their info to select friends though. Sometimes people don't get the hint that their messages are marked ""seen"" and never replied to. They'll persist with the same question. I'll respond that I'm glad they like my pins, but I do not disclose my manufacturer. Most accept this, but a few get angry. They accuse me of refusing to help other small/new artists and things like that. I'm happy to help other small artists, but not when they act entitled to help, without doing any research of their own, or making an effort to network in a professional manner."
1885,AITA for not giving my brother a lift My brother has this awful 25 year old car that is modified to death and continuously breaks down. He's spent stupid amounts of money on it and it's a heap of junk in my opinion. He's now had to take it to some dodgy guy in the middle of nowhere because no legit garage will touch it with a barge pole. One garage said it was a death trap. He now wants me to drop him off where it's being worked on at the moment so he can collect it. Its going to be around 3 hours there and back for me and I've just finished work.
1886,"AITA: For skipping Christmas with my family to stay home with my dog? Family wants me to come visit for Christmas. I love visiting with them, but it's a long enough drive that it needs to be at least 5 days to be worth it to me. They have said ""no dogs in the new house."" I do not wish to leave my dog for the week. He doesn't deal with kennel environments very well. I know he world not eat the whole week I'd be gone. He would be miserable if I boarded him. And in home dog sitting is too pricey for me for a week. I told them I'm not leaving my dog. They still seem to think I'm coming, as they keep saying, ""can't wait to see you next week."" They think I'll magically find a free dog sitter on Christmas weekend. Am I the asshole for not going to see family because I don't want to leave my dog for a week?"
1887,"AITA for not wanting to pay for a futon? About 2 years ago, I moved in with my grandma due to coming on some hard times. My female cousin (Lisa), has also lived here for about 9 years with her 10 year old son (Chris). Some background.. my grandma's house has always had an open door policy, many family members have lived here throughout the years with no questions asked. Lisa and I get a long ok, but has always resented me for taking over her sons playroom. A little more background on Lisa -- she is a very spiteful person who has grudges with just about everyone in the family. She also likes to use her son as a pawn to get what she wants, and if something doesn't go her way, she threatens to leave the house and take her son away, which greatly upsets my grandma because it's her youngest great grandchild and she loves that kid. So because of this, everyone walks on eggshells around her and is terrified to get her upset, or else she'll leave and take her kid away. Oh, also, she doesn't pay any money to live her, my grandma does all her laundry, she doesn't cook for her own son, and she pretty much just lays around all day. It's a pretty messed up situation. The room that I moved into 2 years ago was my little cousin (Chris) playroom. He has his own room separate to this room. The playroom (my current room) had a couch/futon in it that Chris occasionally used, but mostly he stayed in his own room. When I moved in, I started using the futon to sleep on. My grandma has been sick, and she is getting a hospital bed in her room, so I will be taking her old bed. I came home yesterday, and apparently Lisa told my grandma that she says that I owe her $400 for the futon that I've been using for the past two years. According to my family, she told them she paid $220 for it when she bought it. When I started using it, it was already about 6 months old. I was a little upset at first, that a faimily member would want to charge someone for using a piece of furniture, something that I would never do. I told her that she can have the futon back, and she said she doesn't even want it anymore. After giving it some thought, and realizing that I did move in and kind of take over her son's playroom, I told her that I understand that, and I offered to give her $200 for it. She said that was an insult and did not accept the money. She took her son and went to a hotel, saying that she doesn't want to be in a house with me anymore. My grandmother was crying, and since she was sick, she thought she'd never see her great grandson again. This is typical of Lisa, like I said, she threatens and does this stuff"
1888,"AITA for thinking the coworker cheated my boyfriend out of a gift? So my boyfriend and I work at the same place. (To save any conversation about that-we keep a healthy distance.) Anyways, the company did a secret Santa. Except this time, the rules stated that if you participate, you must spend a MINIMUM of $25 on the person chosen. One of my “acquaintances”, She used to be an ok friend but we don’t sit near each other anymore so we barely talk...she was my boyfriends secret Santa. Me and him, we went all out on our two people and spent the required amount blahblahblah. I’m not at work today but he texted me letting me know that she was his secret Santa and that she came to his desk very awkwardly saying merry Christmas and gave him two of those cheap candy canes filled with candy that probably cost her a few dollars. The rules stated to spend over $25. I think everyone did that but her. My boyfriend is not too upset about it but thinks she should have followed the rules as we all did. But I’m livid. I won’t say anything to her but now he doesn’t get a decent experience as everyone else did because she cheaped out. If she could not afford it she should not have participated. AITA for thinking she is the asshole here?"
1889,"AITA for being pissed my friend bailed on me without a word then hung out with my bf instead? So it’s not as clear cut as it sounds...she’s my BF’s SIL, but they have a friendship totally separate from his brother, her partner and baby daddy. And she and I developed a separate friendship, too. She is a keeper if his darker secrets, and she his, including from myself and his brother/her partner. I have never taken issue with this!! Recently, she went through a really tough time, and I bent over backwards to be there for her when no one else, incl. my bf, was. I have been struggling with depression/stress, and she’s pretty much disappeared. I confronted her, we fought, we were rebuilding our friendship. Last week, I had a major tumor removed with half my thyroid and was recovering at home. We made plans for her to come by. She didn’t. Didn’t hear a peep. Then find out she was hanging out with my bf and friends. AIMTA for being pissed and deciding that she’s just not interested in being friends, so I am not gong to put in effort toward that end? She says I’m being crazy and a friend wouldn’t guilt her for not keeping plans. My bf seems to think it’s family so friendship is a moot point."
1890,"AITA for letting my roommate sleep in my room after she broke things off with our 3rd roommate? So I have two roommates we’ll call them Adam and Sarah. Me and Adam have lived together for about a year now but we’ve been friends for going on 10 years. The two of us are in a gaming community with Sarah, and about a week ago we agreed to allow her to move cross country to stay with us to escape an abusive partner and have a fresh start. While we were figuring out the process of moving Sarah in, her and Adam developed a small fling with the disclaimer that it wasn’t set in stone until they got a feel for each other in person. 2-3 days after she got here she broke things off with Adam because she noticed things that reminded her of ex, and didn’t want to be put back in that dynamic. Because we’re relatively broke college students really the only sleeping options are in one of the two bedrooms or the kitchen floor so I’ve been allowing her to stay in my room. Now Adam is in a fit of jealous rage saying that I’m the asshole because I’m sharing a bed with a girl he kinda/almost dated for a week, and is threatening to kick her out because he doesn’t want to think of what could possibly be going on in my room. Disclaimer: Sarah and I have expressed mutual feelings for each other but decided that with the situation it wasn’t a good idea to pursue anything."
1891,"AITA for reporting that my upstair neighbor has a dog? Let’s start with this: I love dogs. I’ve run down city blocks just to pet a dog. And if I lived a life where o thought having a dog was viable, I’d have one. But my apartment is the size of a large tiny house, and there’s no yard I could let a dog run in. On top of that, our building is a no pet building. It’s one of the reasons I moved into it, because I have a terrible time sleeping, and animal noises kept me awake and woke me up frequently at my previous apartment. My upstairs neighbor seems to suddenly have a dog, however. A full-grown Siberian husky that runs around their apartment, stomping his feet, as early as 8AM. I work and keep a waitressing schedule, so this is about equivalent to 6AM for most people. It can’t be good for this dog to be living is such small a space, and the hour and a half of sleep I’m missing noticeably impacts my day. Am I the asshole of I call our management company to report the dog, even though she’s likely in violation of her lease regardless?"
1892,"AITA for not sharing with my roommate anymore? My roommate was one of my best friends. We knew rooming together was probably a bad idea, but he was transferring schools an didn't know anyone and my old roommates had graduated, so it just seemed like the best option. He struggles a lot financially, so I've been letting him use all my apartment stuff, from laundry detergent and paper towels to bowls and plates and even my comforter for his otherwise empty bed. I didn't mind, cause we'll were friends. But we had a major falling out around Thanksgiving break, mostly about conflict over a relationship he had started. I was mad cause he became a flaky jerk, he was mad cause I didn't like his girlfriend. He called me a sucky friends, feelings we hurt. Ultimately he said ""maybe we don't need to be friends anymore. Maybe we're just roommates."" But see, I don't share my detergent and shit our other roommates. That was an arrangement based on our friendship. I took back my comforter, I stopped letting him use my kitchen stuff and detergent and shit, I started insisting he contribute to buying toilet paper and paper towels. And now he's mad at me again, because he can't afford to get his own stuff. He's not even sure he'll be able to keep affording rent or school. He's really hurt that I'm now expecting him to pay for this stuff when I know he can't. On one hand, it was arrangement we made when we first decided to be roommates, and I feel bad for yanking it out from under him. On the other hand, that arrangement was based upon the idea that we were best friends, and he's the one who decided to call quits on that. Am I the asshole?"
1893,"AITA if I date my friend's ex boyfriend after they broke up? Before we were friends, this girl was friends with a guy I sort of liked. Then, he started dating her so I decided not to have feelings for him anymore. While they were dating, we (the girl and I) talked more, eventually becoming friends. Then they broke up. There was a tiny bit of drama on the day after because she was bummed out, but that's it (as far as I could tell). Now he is telling me he broke up with her to be with me. AITA if I say yes in case he asks me out? Will I make my friend mad? Would you be mad if this happened to you? Is it too early from their breakup? They broke up about a few weeks ago."
1894,"AITA for revoking my friend's game sharing priveledges? My best friend lives in my home town and I live quite a far away so I don't get to see him anymore. To cope we play Xbox together. He's very busy with his job and just got married so cash and time is tight for him. To help out I game shared with him. This basically means any game and subscription I get, he gets. In short, he now has to pay nothing to play Xbox. Over the course of a few months I asked him to play a game with me dozens of times, even if it was just for a few minutes. He obliged twice. Also he plays maybe 2 hours a week. After a few months of paying for him to have Xbox but not play with me, I removed his game sharing priveledges. It is a priveledge you can share with only one other person so I figured I could put it to better use somewhere else. He didn't even notice for a whole month. Now he can't play and he's pissed at me. To clarify some things, I understand that he is short on time and money and I do not fault him for it. I fault him for not playing with me, because the whole point of game sharing with him was to get to play together. I now use game sharing on my girlfriend's account so we can play together. She actually plays with me. Am I the asshole here for revoking his priveledges knowing that he probably won't be able to play Xbox now?"
1895,"AITA for not spending the holiday with my GF? So, me and my girlfriend are both 19, and 18, respectively. We're on break from college and we each have two divorced parents, meaning we both have two houses we bounce between during holidays. Holidays, and this Christmas in particular, my girlfriend is saying, or moreso, desiring that we should travel as a couple to and from houses during the holidays. Since we have two houses we sometimes don't get to see each other, and this makes sense as a good compromise. However, although I think it's a good idea, and I obviously want to spend the holidays with my SO, I don't feel that's appropriate at our age. Being 18-19, I don't think you travel ""as a couple"" persay, especially when you still live at home with your parents. I feel like that's more accepted or appropriate when you either live on your own, are engaged/married, or both. She feels like this is a personal slight and I am trying to convey that it's not personal, and it's not putting her behind my family, I would love to travel with her in that kind of way, I just don't think it's appropriate. Keep in mind this is just the day of the holidays themselves, I plan to spend the entire very next day (Dec 26) with her. I could be wrong and have a weird view on this, but I'm just curious. Am I the asshole?"
1896,"AITA for accidentally ostracizing a friend of a friend because of a 8€60 debt ? Alright so this whole story started about 3 months ago, in late september, in a night I was going out with 2 friends and 2 acquaintances (which were and still are friends with Janet, one of the two friends i went out with that night). So later that night, my other friend, Maxime (which is btw Janet's boyfriend) and Simon, one of the acquaintance want another beer but are a bit short on money, which is totally normal as we are students. The beers are 6€60 (rather expensive but they tasted great) each, and i happened to have a 20€ bill, so I paid 3 beers for each of us, therefore lending them some money. The rest of the night went fine The next time i went out a night with them was 6 weeks later, didn't really had the money to hit the bars before that. I kinda want my money back, since 13€20 is actually a fairly big amount for me (as a student, I mean). So I tried to make them pay for my drinks, and tease them on that since I thought the situation was rather funny, and Maxime went along with it. Simon, though, told me he was broke so he couldn't afford to pay me stuff. He bought drinks for himself tho, so I wasn't trusting what he said. In the end I only got 3€ paid back from Maxime and nothing from Simon. About 3 weeks later, we went out again, and since Janet told me to insist to get my money back from Simon, I asked me rather quickly if he could buy me a beer (at 3€ a pint, what a deal). Once we all finish our beer, we move to a mojito bar, we all buy ourself a mojito, then we hit another bar which has a formula of 12 shooters for 20€. Once again I happen to be the only one with a 20€ bill so I buy the formula for all of us (Janet, Maxime and Simon). I tease them a bit about the money they owe me as I did last time as we play cards against humanity (for some reason the bar had this game). Then it's about 1am, so the public transports are about to stop till 5am, so we just leave the bar and go home. Janet and Maxime leave together since Maxime's flat is near the bar we went to, so I found myself alone with Simon. He wasn't my friend but I was like : alright, let's try to small talk with him, so we ended up talking about his flat, which was rather shitty (9m², common showers and kitchen). So I asked how much he paid for it and he told me he didn't really wanted to talk about it with me. I was rather confused by this answer and asked what he meant, it turns out he didn't feel easy talking about that topic to someone ""that"
1897,AITA for getting drunk at a party? I was at a party and a girl I like was there. I've been drinking for two hours straight when I noticed some other guy talking to her. I approached them and started talking to my crush. Guy who was talking to her complained that I interrupted them and I lost my shit and told him to shut the fuck up and threatened to beat him up. He pushed me and I reacted by punching him in the face. His nose started bleeding and I was kicked out of the party but not before throwing up on the floor. I think he was unnecessarily rude but I might have overreacted. Thoughts?
1898,"AITA for using a shitty ex-roommate’s Hulu? I lived with this girl for five months in 2013. We will call her A. I thought she was my friend, but once I moved in she became toxic and basically started emotionally abusing me. If I wasn’t home when she got home from work, she would bombard me with calls and texts until I came home. She would break into my room and cry into my pillows when I wasn’t home. She would leave without notice for a week at a time, never arranging for someone to watch her dogs and cats (meaning I had to do it or the apartment would be destroyed). She lied about having cancer when she noticed me pulling away from her. She let her boyfriend move in without paying rent or utilities. She removed the pipes from the kitchen sink when we got into an argument. All the bills were in her name and I came home one day to all the utilities cut off, meaning none of the money I set aside for bills ever actually got used for bills. She began to hoard animals and acquired six snakes and three cats in the five months I lived with her. She threw tantrums if any of my things were in our shared spaces. I had to walk on eggshells 24/7 and moved out suddenly to escape her. During my time living with her she logged into Hulu on my Roku and never logged out. I still use her Hulu because a) I don’t want to pay for it and b) I see it as a harmless way to tell her to shove it without her ever knowing. I told a friend about this and they told me I was being an asshole. Am I the asshole for still mooching off of her Hulu account after all these years after the hell she put me through?"
1899,"AITA for not wanting to help my mom anymore I’m a 17 year old male, currently a senior in high school. I’m starting college classes in spring so that will really change my schedule around. Currently almost all of my day is consumed by my mother. She had a rare muscular disease and she is the only one with her specific mutation. It causes her muscles to never relax so she’s in constant pain and does not get around well. I do all the house hold chores, run errands for her everyday but worst of all wait on her call to go get something or to come home and drop what I’m doing because she needs help. I know that I have no job and doing chores around the house are part of being a teenager. But I just can’t keep looking after my mom to this extend. It’s so depressing, but I also feel extremely guilty for wanting to move out as soon as possible. My dad tries as hard as he can to help but he is constantly consumed by work. Sorry for the ramble bug here’s my story"
1900,"AITAH Or Could she Be Lying? I [21M] have been on 4 dates with a [20F] in the last ten days. It seems like she's super into me, and she seems really cool. She heads off to South Africa for a foreign exchange trip next semester. She told me today she ""just found out [her] Dad took the next 11 days off. So 11 days of 'family fun'. That means [she's] completely free the next 11 days."" To me this is her trying to latch on. Almost creating a social vacuum for me to fill. I see her making up her dad being off, or at very least lying about when she found out. I have been hyped about her since I met her as I don't relate to almost anyone and I thought we really clicked. She follows up each time after we hang out about how much fun it is, hopefully we can do it again. I feel like she's playing me. Rolls with everything I say. As in has not disagreed, corrected, or even given me a weird look. Always excited, interested, and able to relate to anything I bring up. Is this normal. Am I thinking way to deep in this. Is she playing me?"
1901,"AITA for calling out my mom for only ever getting my brothers gifts for the holidays? Throwaway. Sorry for any typos. I’m on mobile and pretty mad right now Let my preface this by saying me and my brothers are all in college this year. Well one of them took a gap year to play hockey. Last year, they were seniors in high school, so they were still at home with my parents and being 100% supported financially by them. Clothes and electronics (laptops, new Xbox) and all. For the past three years since I’ve been in college, I’ve been in college, I've been financially dependent on them for my plane ticket home from school, my phone and food when I'm home. Everything else I get is paid for by a student loan that I have to pay back. Last year for the holidays (we don't really do Hanukkah or Christmas, just a random day where we give eachother a few presents), my brothers got Calvin Klein winter coats, Lululemon clothing, $200+ cologne (they were 17!!!) and new phones. I got a pair of socks and a graphic shirt. I shit you not. I'm not trying to sound ungrateful for getting something. I honestly didn't care if I got anything at all. I just felt like shit watching them open all of those nice gifts and then I got socks and a shirt. It was an awful feeling because one of my brothers (the one taking the gap year) is the obvious favorite in the family and everyone including friends and extended family know it, but my mom refuses to admit it. He gets whatever he wants throughout the whole year including really expensive designer clothes and brand new hockey equipment which is upwards of $1000 for the skates he uses. If he does that get what he wants, he gets nasty and violent. This year, my mom asked me to go shopping for present s with her and I refused because I went with her to buy all of my brothers presents last year and spent hours finding the perfect stuff for them and got nothing in return. I didn't need anything over the top, just a little more effort than socks. So I called my mom out on what happened last year and she went off on me about how I'm ungrateful and how I'm gonna a put her in her grave and that she does everything for me and how she has no money. I fucking lost it. I mean every now and then she’ll buy me a new dress or a new phone case or something like that if we are out shopping together, but I never DEMAND she does it. She does it because she’s my mother and she’s being nice even though I cpuld buy those things for myself. And my parents dont live paycheck to paycheck but they definitely struggle sometimes. Yet she buys such expensive shit for my one brother all the damn time and if anyone in the family calls her out, she"
1902,"AITA for not wanting to spend X-Mas with a family member that gave me bed bugs? What the title states, basically. My aunt gave me bed bugs last year, completely traumatizing me. My mom and grandma want me to get over it but even just typing about it now is making me cry and I'm not a crier. She cost me hundreds of dollars, I lost weight and my sanity for a few months. My aunt LIED to me when I asked her if she had them and she said no. I am adult and I feel like I shouldn't have to see someone if I don't want to and I don't think it's fair that my family is guilting me over this. Edit: This bb problem was last year so I haven't spoken a word to my aunt since August of 2016."
1903,"AITA For Not Caring About My Brother? Here's some backstory. So when we were children my brother used to abuse me (often choking me until I submitted to whatever he wanted), Mum could never find an effective punishment. A lot of times I'd get in trouble more because when I fought back I left marks whilst his methods were harder to see. He's gotten a lot better (last time he physically hurt me was about a year and a half ago) though he often says stuff that undermines my confidence. On the other side he does seem to care about me enough to buy stuff for me. But it doesn't change the fact he's proven to be rude, untrustworthy, hypocritical and a dick a lot of the time. Now he was bullied a lot as a kid and now has depression and anxiety and I couldn't care less. In fact I'm secretly happy that his life isn't going as well as he wants. I do want him out of the house (he's 19 already) but I don't want him that well off. Does it make me an asshole for wanting a life like that for him?"
1904,"AITA For asking a close friend to send me a selfie So I met this girl around 4 years ago on a game called League of Legends. Since then we have played video games together almost every week. However, there's something strange about her. In all this time, all 4 years, she has only ever sent me 1 selfie of herself and it was basically a massive close up of her face so you couldn't see her very well. Meanwhile, she's probably seen dozens of my selfies. Everytime I ask her to send one, she tells me that she doesn't want to because she's ugly. I'm sure that's not true, but she insists that it is. I know she is who she says she is because we also talk on the phone a lot. I have just never seen her face. Anyways, the other day I asked her again for a selfie and she got extremely upset. She told me that she was sick of me pressuring her and that she really was ugly and that it didn't matter what she looked like. So, am I the asshole for just wanting to know what someone I've known for 4 years looks like?"
1905,AITA for telling my MIL I won't be taking the job? .
1906,"AITA for being upset that my boyfriend left me alone in an area of the city that I’m not familiar with while he looked for my phone at a concert? My boyfriend and I️ we’re at a sold out arena concert in Cleveland, OH and I️ lost my phone but I️ decided that since there were so many people, I️ would just call it a loss and move on. My boyfriend, however, was determined to find it so he left on the mission to find it and told me to wait outside. I️ wasn’t feeling safe alone outside, couldn’t get back in, and when the concert let out, I️ figured it was time for me to walk back to our hotel that was a block or so away. I️ couldn’t find the hotel easily because the venue was huge, I️ was very drunk, and we had only been to this area of the city once before. I️ finally found the hotel and my boyfriend finally found my phone (it took a long time and the show was well over and cleaned up at this point). I️ thanked him this morning for finding it and we laughed about me not knowing which direction the hotel was, but I️ told him that I️ didn’t feel safe by myself and I️ don’t want to be left alone like that again- I️ would rather have taken the loss on my phone. He replied, “what are you so afraid of?” And when I️ didn’t answer because it sounds weird to say, “getting raped, kidnapped, etc,” he got up and walked outside to smoke while saying, “you have a way of ruining everything.” Guys, I’ve been with this guy for three years and we own a condo together and we’re happy but have our issues. My question is... am I️ the asshole for losing my phone and not wanting to be left alone while he was finding it?"
1907,"AITA For thinking that my ex thinks my depression wasn't a good enough reason for my lack of communication, is fucked up? Long story short. me and ex were together for 4 and a half years. Had 1 break up before 3 years ago, lasted a couple of months, I broke up with her because of her lying continually. This time she broke up with me due to my depression (I was depressed that I wasnt gonna get to see her for a few months, nothing else, we were LDR). Said she felt guilty about it and thought it had to do with her. This obviously sent me in to a deeper more painful depression, where I blamed myself. She then instantly wanted to fix the situation and work things out. Gave me a deadline of 10 days to give her an answer and work things out. If anyone has been through depression youll know how it plays on you and your mind and how self loathing and isolated it makes you. I withdrew myself from the situation, left her in the dark, didnt communicate etc and told her to go see other people and see if she still wants to be with me. I was in a really bad place and felt like I was burdening her by being in her life. Was in a really bad place and really hated myself.A lot of the things I said and done were through my sub concious trying to isolate myself, and not my clear concious. I know its no excuse, just the legitimate reason. Started going to therapy and looking in to getting medication, to better myself and hopefully better our relationship 3 weeks exactly after the breakup I'm talking to her, building the courage up to try work things out. I apoligise and explain everything, telling her what im doing to fix myself etc and how committed I am to making it work* She tells me she is dating other people, met them off tinder a couple days before, doesn't want to work on things, told me I had my chance and it was too late, that I should've communicated and that she no longer loved me or wanted to be with me. That I dont get infintie chances or understandings. After that I basically went in to a really bad state of depression, where I was becoming more and more suicidal, nearly got kicked out of class, got severe insomnia to the point I was having halucinations at times, had to go to serious therapy etc. I was and still am in the darkest period of my life. Eventually lashed out at her in an emotional panic attack and she blocked me everywhere. Not spoke since. This all happened just about 3 months ago. I realise that I shouldve communicated and that I was given the chance, and I feel like shit for not taking that chance."
1908,"AITA for wanting my mom to give money in these circumstances OK, some background: my mom has never been married. I would call her a single mother but she’s been in a few on and off relationships for a while for several years. She lives off welfare and she has 8 children from 5 different fathers. She currently lives in a small camper on my grandmother’s property. So, I ask her to give me a ride to my therapist. Everything went well. Then on the way back she said I had to pay for gas. I find this rather insulting. My mom owes me an occasional favor and if she can’t even pay for the gas to drive me somewhere, it means it’s not a favor. I shouldn’t have to coff up money for her to do a simple task. So she drives back with all her younger kids in the car, 5 children all under 10. Then she drives past mcdonalds and my sister cries for mcdonalds. Then we stop somewhere, i bought my other sister a drink, and after that she pulls into mcdonalds. She asked me if I’ll pay for it and that she’ll have plenty of money to give back later because her boyfriend is going to give her a lot. I really don’t want to, but I agreed if she would pay extra. I threw in one burger for myself and just decide that’s my dinner. The cost amounts together to 14 dollars and I said she can pay me back 20. She made me pay for gas last time so in my mind it sort of makes up for it. So then her boyfriend doesn’t show up. Then she said he’ll be there tomorrow. Then he doesn’t show up. She demands I buy her a coke because “I’m having withdrawals”. I bought it for her. Then she drives to her drug dealer’s. I can’t prove shs bought drugs but she usually buys Xanax from him. That night we get into big a fight, about some other topic. I storm off. Then I show up the day after *that*, asking for my money. She just starts crying and arguing with me, telling me she drove me somewhere and how it was only 14 dollars and I got myself something too. I was just so pissed off from yesterday’s fight that I didn’t give a fuck about her crying. I basically stormed off again uttering “worthless!” Am I the asshole in this case?"
1909,"AITA for not wanting to come to work on Chirstmas eve? 18 y/o casual worker at Woolworths in Australia. (Think Walmart but a little smaller). Shifts are rostered online 3 weeks in advance and I write them down in a diary to keep organized. I had Christmas eve off. The past 3 nights I've worked until midnight, and I get a call this morning asking why I wasn't at work. Someone had changed my shift so I was working on Christmas eve, even though I wasn't supposed to, and didn't tell me or call me. I had made plans to spend time with my family during Christmas eve (especially since my brother was coming home). AITA for refusing to come in to work today?"
1910,"AITA for not wanting to hang out with my family when sick? These past few days I've gotten sick and have been spending my time in my room away from everyone else. Talking a bunch puts some strain on my throat, and I don't want to get them sick. It is Christmas Eve, though, and my brother and sister are coming down to visit, which doesn't happen often. My mother is getting mad at me for staying in my room all day and wants me to come down even though I am sick. From my perspective, I feel that I should stay in my room for the reasons given above. Am I wrong in this situation?"
1911,"AITA for not being comfortable talking to my dad So this is going to be quite a long story... So I'm a junior in highschool, and the summer going into my sophomore year my parents told me and my brother, who was going off to college, they were divorcing. This last year and a half has definitely deteriorated my mental health and I have turned into a very depressed person My dad, who is pretty emotional right now, has been sending me long, drawn out emails basically spilling his guts talking about his feelings, usually sent around 3 AM. These make me pretty uncomfortable, but I haven't been able to tell my dad how I feel about them, as I have a fear of confrontation. My dad also likes to tell me about the divorce, and fights that my parents have had, and he even told me once that my parents wanted to divorce before they even had kids. I tried to see a therapist last year and it didnt work so well, however I've found a new one about a month-ish ago. She likes to have the parent come in for the first part of the session just to see if anything has happened or changed. My dad likes to use these parts to treat it as his own session basically, by again, spilling his guts, and usually ends up crying. At the last session he revealed that he was currently in a relationship, however though she is technically seperated, she is still a married woman. And after he told me, I woke up again to paragraphs of text from my dad talking about it. I've become very uncomfortable and haven't been able to talk to my dad, and I feel bad but I'm also tired of him trying to spill everything onto me, as it is having an effect on my well being. Tldr: After parents divorce, my dad becomes very emotional and spills alot of his feelings onto me leading me to become annoyed and tired."
1912,"AITA for being upset about my roommate’s dog sitter? Okay so I left home on Saturday after my roommate had left for the holidays. He has a dog that kinda sucks (Story for another time) and I knew he had a dog sitter scheduled. What I didn’t find out till I was already gone was that this person is going to be STAYING in our house. For five days. He’s met her once. My feelings are that obviously my shit could be stolen but beyond that it just feels like an invasion of privacy since I don’t even know this person. I’m upset about that but at least he assured me he has her info. I still asked my landlord to come by the house just to check on it (that pissed off the roommate). To pile on to this, the landlord said he went by and the dog sitter was not there and the door was unlocked. This has me seriously pissed off. Am I the asshole for being upset at my roommate? Edit: thank you everyone for the advice and words of comfort. I haven’t talked extensively with my roommate but he told me the sitter is at least going to stay the night tonight so the door was left unlocked while she was at work or something. He reminded me that we have sometimes kept our back door unlocked so I’m trying not to freak out even more. Thanks again everyone"
1913,AITA for refusing to go over to my mother in law's house? She smokes inside and it's so gross. I love her and she's welcome over here just not allowed to smoke inside. I hate going over there. I smell gross after I leave no matter how little time I spend there. It's disgusting. But my husband gives me this puppy dog sad face when I say I really don't want to go... he says she lonely. (this is a whole other story... He's a bit of a mama's boy and she's awfully lazy). Am I the asshole if I start not going over there at all?
1914,"WIBTA if I skip my girlfriend's Christmas and go to my roommates? My girlfriend and I originally planned to do Thanksgiving at my parents house and Christmas at hers. When Thanksgiving came around her family went in to meltdown mode, calling her a traitor, threatening to take things from her or kick her out (she's in grad school) if she came to my holiday. They said it was ""inappropriate to go to your SO's holiday if you aren't married."" Flash forward to today. I work nights, and work tonight and worked last night. She still wants me to come see her (about an hour drive each direction) today. I would like to go but feel awkward (due to Thanksgiving situation) plus it really cuts into my time for sleeping. On the other hand my roommate's family has invited me to their house for dinner since I can't go to my own home. They live about 15 minutes from where I live. Will I be the asshole for telling my girlfriend I don't want to go to her house today? And will I be an asshole for going to my roommates? Late edit: She wants me to come after they eat dinner so I'm not ""going to the holiday"" officially. I feel like this is crazy. Lmk."
1915,"AITA for wanting my anorexic roomate to contribute into shovelling snow? I have a roomate as of October who is diagnosed with PTSD, depression and anorexia and probably some other things. She doesn’t do much with her life aside be a home body, doesn’t work, is on welfare etc. Now that it has started snowing a lot in Canada she made a comment how she can’t shovel because her diagnosis ( anorexia). Am I the asshole for being annoyed and thinking she should ATLEAST shovel the TINY front porch and stairs of the place. As lll be doing drive way and walk way? Keep in mind she does nothing all day, I work 45 plus a week. She also does not drive or have a vehicle however is ALWAYS asking me for rides ( aka using car and driveway)"
1916,"WIBTA for not comforting them? I have a genderfluid pansexual female friend of mine which only for clarity I will refer to as a girl. Her heart was broken as her crush got a girfriend- one of her best friends. She was devestated. Midwhile school she came to me and told me she needed me to comfort her, but i had a big math test.I could get a 0 and bail on the test but I chose to leave her and go take the test. I got a good grade on my finals because of that test but was I an asshole?"
1917,"WIBTA if I used my own money to “upgrade” a Christmas gift? My husband and I have purchased our first home and will be moving in at the end of the month. One item we still needed to purchase was a washer and dryer. Hubby and I have amazing parents and they went in together and purchased us a washer and dryer set for Christmas, which was obviously extremely generous and very much appreciated. They gave us printed out item descriptions from the website to look at, and the actual items will be delivered next week. We went to Home Depot to check them out and I couldn’t help but notice that the washer is very small and doesn’t have some of the features that I had planned on getting if we would have picked out our own, which we planned to do after moving. Would we be assholes if we applied some of our own money and “upgraded” the washer to one that would be more similar to what we would have gotten on our own? The last thing we want to do is hurt anyone’s feelings and most likely will keep what was given. But I can’t help feeling like this is an item I will use a lot and have for a long time and I want the size and features that I had always planned on having. EDIT: Thank you to everyone who responded! We just got home from Home Depot where we were able to exchange the gifted set for one that we think will better meet our needs! My mom wasn’t super thrilled bc she thinks we wasted our money, but she’ll survive. Mother in law hasn’t been told yet but we never worried about her being upset, she’s not that type."
1918,"AITA for not helping my ex through cancer? We were together 8 years, engaged, but broke up as she cheated on me and got pregnant. It was a horrendous break up, I would have gotten over a bit of cheating however she had a full on affair for months, was using my money to go on dates with the lad, planned a future together and stuff all while trying to get me to like him so I could be friends with him. Her actions were not forgivable so I walked away, However, she lost the baby due to having cervical cancer (which was only diagnosed as she had a miscarriage). At thing point, I had moved back home an hour away and I haven’t seen her since, we’ve spoken bits but it’s always been arguments about money/debts/assets etc. I’ve had a few people tell me that I shouldn’t believe her due to her lying actions in the past however I refuse to believe that someone would lie about cancer, I know I have no obligations to her anymore, however I was literally the only family she had and now she’s going through all this alone, and I feel like an arsehole for not being there, (which she’s also said on a few occasions). Should I have put everything aside and helped her through the illness?"
1919,"AITA for hooking up with a girl my friend went on a date with? So my friend had a date with this girl a few nights ago. He said they had a good time but he wasn't sure if he was going to ask her out again. I didn't know any details about her besides her name and the name of one of her friends. Fast forward to a day later and I'm at a party (my friend was not at the party). I get pretty drunk and wind up going home with this girl and we have sex. Being as drunk as I was, I wasn't aware that it was the girl my friend went on a date with. It wasn't until the next morning when I realized it and I felt awful. I messaged my friend and asked him what happened with the girl he went out with. He said she went to the party and he hadn't really talked to her and that he wasn't pursuing her. Even still I wanted to be honest and tell him so I told him I had sex with the girl. Now he's pissed off at me, but I'm not really sure why since he said he wasn't interested in pursuing her. Granted, if I had been sober and realized who she was I wouldn't have hooked up with her out of respect, but I didn't connect the dots and it happened. Did I do something wrong here?"
1920,"AITA for not wanting to go on a second date So I went on a date with a girl and it was... something else. Within the first five minutes she mentioned that her mom is having menopause. Not 100% weird but I thought it was kinda weird to mention that quickly. We then started talking about the recent nudes leak at my school where about 10 girls got theirs leaked. I mentioned I felt bad for them. She said ""that's what they get for being hoes"" She talked about her and my ex for a while. We then went to my car to talk. We started kissing and she mentioned that I was the third guy she's kissed this year. While I approximate the candor it was kinda weird to mention When then changed the subject and she made a joke about me getting a prostate exam. I jokeingly said that I'd just forgo it since prostrate cancer is relativity easy to treat( I wouldn't actually do this I was just joking ). She then made a joke about a classmate of ours who died from cancer a couple monthes ago. While I realize that some people have dark humor. I thought it was a little odd to mention on a first date. The whole thing felt kinda off. When I told my dad he replied that I shouldn't just pick out small little bits. But am I the asshole?"
1921,"AITA For breaking up with a friends with benefits? There's this girl I no longer feel compatible with and I don't think it's healthy for us to continue because she says she wouldn't let me get with another girl if the opportunity arises, I consider myself veryyy single and I've been straight up with her since the start. I respect her I really do but when I told her I think we should just stay friends she tried to guilt trip me into staying by telling me what it'd do to her, she obviously has feelings for me and I understand that which makes me feel like a cunt for hurting her feelings even though there's nothing much else I can do, I no longer feel attracted to her in that way for reasons I won't go into but I would like to be single as I've told her numerous times in the beginning. What do you think? Am I an asshole?"
1922,"AITA: I bought 20 pack of beer and my mom is freaking out. So mom is Asian. So story: I am currently 25 years old. I went to the supermarket today and got 20 pack of Budweiser beer for $15.99. I went home and placed them in the fridge. My mom comes home and see the beers in the fridge and started questioning me. Now I didn't get man but I was annoyed with her. My Mom has this fear of Alcohol and she has very little understanding of it. I told her that I am a grown man, I did the research online and it has been stated that drinking light to moderate has shown health benefits. Alcohol isn't dangerous unless you start to abuse it or if you start binge drinking. There is minimal risk in light to moderate drinking. Even then she didn't really listen and she is the type to pace back and forth starting shit even though we discussed this. I am 25. I am a grown-ass man and I believe I am in the right because my decision is supported to research I did online. I am going to move out soon so I don't want to deal with her. I am moving out in a month but I don't really like my mom. She is close-minded."
1923,"AITA for temporarily blocking my mom on Whatsapp? - I depend on my parents for finance - Mom likes to join Facebook contents - We've won huge prizes from Facebook contests such as amusement park tickets before - Sometimes you win with quickest correct answer, quickest most creative answer, random draw, etc - Parents are on a trip right now - Mom sent me message asking me to join Facebook contest - You have to right a short paragraph for the contest and the most creative response wins - Mom told me to join and told me to write my own response - I decided to join later and take a bath first - It turns out mom wants me to join first and since I didn't reply she posted a response with my ideas but later removed it due to fear of duplication - Mom was angry and told me she is ignoring me - I screamed at them via the audio recorder on WhatsApp and blocked my mom on WhatsApp to cool down Am I the asshole for doing this?"
1924,"AITA for being hurt by how my mother spends her money? I am an adult woman in my 40s. When I was 12, my parents divorced. My mother was the one that initiated the divorce, and she was the one that moved out, leaving me at home with my dad. My dad and I got along pretty well for the most part so it wasn’t perfect but I had a pretty good home life after my parent split. My older brother moved out for college the year my parents split. My mom struggled financially after she left. My father was 100% responsible for my upbringing financially; my mom would give me small birthday and xmas gifts but otherwise didn’t support me or my brother. After my mom moved out, she become very demanding and needy. When I would visit her, it would always involve being put to work (chores, dishes, yard work, grocery shopping, etc.), caring for her emotional needs (at first her sadness over the divorce, later her upset about work/friends/you name it), or anger (if my brother or I did or said anything to upset her, she would yell at us or give us the silent treatment). This was obviously not fun. Over the years, I become less and less involved with her. In 2010, after a series of hurtful incidents cumulating with her showing up late 30 minutes to my birthday brunch and berating me for being upset about waiting alone at the restaurant, I cut off contact with her for about three years. Over the years she became much more financially secure. A few years ago she retired with a great nest egg and investment portfolio. She’s now in her 70s. I moved out of state in 2014 and decided that with some physical space between us, I would try taking with her again. I contacted her and now we talk every few months. When we talk, she asks me 3-5 questions, says “mm hmm” to my answers, and then switches the topic to her. This makes me sad because she’s clearly not interested in me and is back to her needy ways. But, at least we’re talking and I guess I’d rather have some relationship with her instead of none. So, if this is a good as it gets, I guess that’s ok. I wish she was more interested and giving towards me, but I get that that’s not really a realistic expectation at this point. In recent years, she’s started taking expensive, month-long overseas trips. She has always been interested in travel and I’m happy that she’s going for it now that she’s retired. But, to be honest, when I hear about these trips, I have a hard time not feeling resentful as well. She never contributed any money to my upbringing when I was younger. I have been paying my own bills for a long time now, but I’m still struggling with some debt that I acquired when I was younger. She knows about this. It all come to a head recently during a phone"
1925,"WIBTA if I don't tell my parents who my biological child is? I may have made a ONS pregnant after a condom mishap abroad. Read through my history if you want more in-depth. If she gives birth and I become a biological father, and I have no plans of being in the child's life, would I be the asshole if I refuse to tell my parents who the child is? I've been battling with depression and thoughts like this for five months now. On one hand I'd understand that they might want to know who their biological grandchild is, but on the other hand I'd want to forget about all this, learn from my mistakes and go on. I don't want to risk my parents getting too attached to this biological grandchild, because that'd make if harder for me to do what I want. Please tell me Reddit, would I be the asshole if I don't want to tell my parents exactly who my biological child is? If it actually comes down to it, I'd explain it just as I have here, in this thread. Thank you."
1926,"AITA for remarking on a Sriracha bottle that expired in 2013? Hey all, so I have a bit of a crazy stepmom (biased, I know, but still), and I'm a bit of a 21 year old, so naturally when she first came to the family (6ish years ago) - things were quite rocky. Without giving a whole retelling of our relationship, I find a lot of her foibles (typically having to do with overwhelming/overworking herself, being genuinely neurotic, and cusping on narcissism (though she LOVES to go off about other people being narcissists, like my birth mom)) to be completely unjustified or unbearable. I'm not a person who typically tiptoes around other people, but I've learned over time to live with her and try to focus on appreciating what she does bring to the family (which is a hell of a lot, no question about it) in her effortful cooking, compassion for my dad, generosity towards me and my siblings, etc. However, I can't get over the fact that, on multiple occasions, we've (my dad and I) gone through the 3 fridges we own (because she's a certified cook and nutritionist and loves that stuff) and have found horribly expired food. It's honestly disgusting and irritating that we even have to sort through it; it doesn't take a whole lot of effort to just glance at the date on the packaging and it's not like we're low on food (again, three refrigerators) or unable to replace it. Well, today I went looking for Sriracha for the stir fry she made, and when I found the single bottle we own (which means it's been used by multiple people), I noticed that it had **GONE BAD IN 2013!!!** I think that's nuts!! I throw it away and say that ""Sometimes I feel like I'm the only one who looks at the expiration dates in this family."" Well, she exploded. This hasn't happened in over a year and a half between the two of us, so it was a little surprising. She went off about how I don't appreciate her effort, slaving over the meal(s) for the family, how I don't give her enough credit, and how my comment was obviously a snide remark directed at her (as in the fact that she's the ""head cook"" so any food-related insult is by default directed at her). I just shut up, took my plate from the table, and went downstairs to type this. I can understand if she feels underappreciated, but only to a certain extent. Everyone, including myself, are always offering help and assistance to her, telling her to not work so hard on the food, complimenting her cooking (which is honestly incredible), etc. But why does my comment about something as basic, and frankly unrelated to her effort, as checking expiration dates have to get snowballed and turned into me being a horrible stepson? Did I really cross a line, or was I justified in pointing that out? I feel like a crazy person. Edit1: great to year"
1927,AITA for yelling in public when people are telling stories about torturing cats? 3 guys were standing around talking about how they used to abuse cats. 1 said he super glue sand paper to it and one said he'd tie their tails together and throw them over a clothes line to watch them fight. As the 3rd was telling his story I uncontrollably just yelled shut the fuck up! I literally couldn't handle it. I haven't been this mad in a while.
1928,"AITA for planning a going away party? The title is one sided I will do my best to explain both sides here, as best I know them, but part of the problem stems from the unknowns... So I'll do what I can. Me (A) and best friend (B) have known each other forever. He is moving across the country with his girl C, who already lives there, sometime in January, possibly as early as the 7th. He has told, apparently, literally no one this. On 12/24 B and C come to visit, and at the end it comes up almost at random that he has decided to move with her, something that was on the table but still TBD as of a week prior. Apparently she landed on the 23rd and it was all but settled. As he said to me, not a secret but not everyone knows yet. I said I wanted to plan a party for him, and with the 7th being 2 weeks he said the 6th would be ok. I said I'd send it around after xmas (today, the spark of all this drama). B is flying out for a job interview tomorrow, may also be able to keep his current job remote, and the job status affects his timeline. So he may leave 1/7, or maybe a week or two later. It's still up in the air. I contacted his mom and sister to keep them in the loop on the party, so we can all coordinate. His sis is all excited, cool, I send off the FB event... and he flies off at me, so I took it down. B says he told me to wait until he gave me an all clear, not just after xmas. My wife agrees that's not what he said, but I still apologize for the misunderstanding. Apparently he's told no one in the entire time C was here, she flew back Tuesday. His sis supposedly didn't know, and he was having dinner with her tonight to tell her, I told him she did know and the dinner was a mystery to her (I said something like 'Apparently you're seeing him tonight so you figure out what B wants to do and lmk' and she was confused). B has a habit of lying to people, I love him but its almost pathological. I told him sorry for blowing it up but it wouldn't have happened if he actually talked to people. Idk how he expects to just vanish in a smoke bomb in a week with no notice to anyone. Things devolved, I called him on previous shit where he's been caught lying and asked him what C would say if I asked HER when he's supposedly leaving, since who knows what he told her. I also said ""good luck on the interview, if it's real"". He accused me of not respecting boundaries, but its not gossip stuff, it's simple planning of events (IMO)! I'm in the wrong for the FB group, if I misunderstood when he wanted it to go"
1929,"AITA if I let an online friendship die? So I met this guy on old-school Runescape about three years ago, and we hit it off pretty fast hanging out in voice chat. Now this guy is a few years younger than me and has always been less mature, but over the time I have known him he has grown as a person, and has become more mature at least in my opinion. Anyway we both have enjoyed hanging out for a long time and have both shared some pretty personal problems with each other in the past. But the issue is this: his computer broke down almost 4 months ago. Now to clarify, this is not the first time he has had computer problems, and being a tech savvy guy myself I have even helped him fix his computer, which I do not mind at all, I enjoy fixing computers for friends and am kind of the go to guy for that sort of thing in my family and friends. Now keep in mind I only know this guy online and we live in different countries. This means that I don't have physical access to his computer. Now here's where the problem gets dumb. All that is wrong with the computer is that he is locked out of it. I guess he forgot his password. Anyway right after he got locked out I offered to walk him through getting back in and even linked him some web pages. He said he would get on it, but it's been over three months at this point and his computer is still not fixed. If I wanted I could bug him for a few days and he would be able to fix the computer, he isn't dumb just sometimes pretty lazy. But at this point we haven't really even chatted in text in almost a month. Last I really heard from him is that he has been playing some games on a console. Except he did try messaging me once about 2 weeks ago and I was the one who didn't respond, I should have messaged him back but I get pretty antisocial sometimes and can't find the energy. Am I the asshole for not spending more time trying to get his computer back up and for typing up all this crap on a website he doesn't visit instead of spending a second to send him a text and say hey?"
1930,"WIBTA if I asked the owners of the dog I'm sitting, to let me use a dog whistle/noisemaker on him I am a pet sitter, a client has me staying in home for several weeks to watch a dog named Harry. I watched Harry last year. Harry barks a lot, often, many times throughout the day. Things Harry barks at, include, but are not limited to: Stove Broom Sneezing Nail clippers Squirrel Cleaning supplies The cleaning lady *for the full hour she is here* Cars Neighbors Invisible axe murderer that lives by the window (??) Tree Breakfast Dinner Vegetables being chopped Ect. Neighbors do not like me or Harry for obvious reasons. Harry has had the police called on him before, for a noise disturbance. the person boarding him before I started house sitting was fined. The owners think Harry is innocent and say ""Ron (Harry's little compadre) starts all the barking and is the troublemaker around here"". In addition, they seem to think it's cute that he barks and jumps up and down at random stuff. So I don't know if it's a good idea to even talk about punishing Harry to them. At my house I have one of those noisemaker things. Where if you press a button, it makes a high pitched noise at a frequency only the dog can hear. We use it at home on my dogs. My parents suggested I take this and use it on Harry. Of course I don't want to punish someone else's dog the same way i do mine without being sure it is okay with the owners. But if it's not my dog, and I'm being paid to do this, and agreed to it knowing how Harry is, I have a hunch i would be an ass for asking. Especially because the owners do not seem to think Harry even has bad behavior. Am I? How would you react to getting asked about this? I'm really sorry if this is too long let me know and I'll edit, here's your tldr. tldr; I'm watching a dog, Harry, who barks constantly and annoys the neighbors. Harry is seen as the ""good boy"" around here. Would asking Harry's owners if I could use a noise maker on Harry make me an asshole? Or should I just shut up and deal."
1931,"WIBTA if I stole my SIL’s job? My parents recently purchased a small family business in the local area. They met my SIL (22f) at Christmas last year and they got on really well, they also realised she had some experience within the type of business they were purchasing (approx 1.5 years) and after some discussion they decided they would like her to act as a manager in the business. Since this was all approved SIL has been super excited but my parents have now decided that they do not want to give her the job due to: * she hasn’t learnt to drive, she lives around 25 miles away and its rural so no public transport, she has at least 6 months notice to start learning but says learning to drive is the hardest thing she has ever done. * she has walked out of 99% of jobs she has had, 2 in the last 6 months and the last one she had a fight with her BF and just stopped going. (My parents were not aware of her full job history when they first offered her the job). * everyone met up this Christmas and lots of drinks were consumed. My Grandfather (68M) has over 40 years experience in the business we are purchasing and plans to help with the set up of the new business but doesn’t want full time commitment . After Xmas dinner my Grandad was discussing different options with SIL about the business and she responded immaturely and rudely and at one point told him to STFU. She also kept screaming “I’m the Boss” all night even at my parents when they were saying plans they had. So my parents have definitely changed their minds on her being manager. They have since offered me the same position.The job pays better than my current role, is a 2 min walk from my house and is in an industry I’m massively interested in. My parents didn’t consider me before as they thought I was happy where I was. So my question is WIBTA if I stood up and took the role ? My DH is fully supportive of me doing it but I know it will cause friction within our families, on the other hand it would be a great step towards giving me and DH the opportunity to buy our house and save to have a family. Apologies for the long post. TLDR: WIBTA if I took a job that was promised to my SIL."
1932,"AITA when another department gets a new hire when we continue to have an open position? I work at a non-profit in a department whose role is basically the internal digital agency for the entire organization. Our department consists of one developer who executes most of the requests from internal teams. Our department has had an unfilled developer position for over a year now. When asked when we might fill that position, we are told that we're waiting for the leadership to draft a strategy so we know what kind of developer to hire. This is despite our organization being a third of the way into a multi-year strategic plan whose broad-stroke goals rely our department's work. There is one team who consistently is requesting us do work for them. The work is regularly labor intensive. This team appears to have poor communication skills between themselves, which manifests in our team needing to interject and be the ad-hoc project manager for them; building consensus, teasing out technical specs, advising against conceived plans and pulling approval out of them at the last minute. A few days ago, this department announced that they are hiring yet another manager-level position to their team. Am I the asshole in being upset that this department gets to hire another management-level position while our department's backlog of work continues to grow because of this department's continued requests and our department's continued technical absence?"
1933,"AITA for snapping at someone for nearly screwing up the entire climax in a theatre production? This happened a while ago, but I'm not generally an aggressive person and still feel guilty about it. I guess it's a bit pathetic, but I want some confirmation that I wasn't a complete jerk about it, because some people are still upset at me because of it. Some context: (I'll be using fake names for anonymity) I'm a high school student who was working on our school production of The Lion the Witch and the Wardrobe. I was a member of the witch's army, as was the member I snapped at. We had this really epic battle scene that was the climax of the play, and because I was one of the better fighters, I helped the other students learn the choreography and helped the stage manager (Jane) when issues arose. There was more drama backstage than onstage, particularly with a girl (Beth) and two guys she was keeping on the hook (Simon and Mike). Beth switched between these two guys so often that I usually couldn't keep track of who she was with. This girl was selfish, dramatic, and made everything about her. Simon was a quiet and generally polite guy, though he sometimes didn't act his age. Mike was a usually nice guy with LOADS of military background, and is a fellow cadet in my AFJROTC flight. Anyway, literally less than a day before our first performance, Beth decides to start up some more drama. She decides to have Simon and Mike race, and the winner gets to be her boyfriend (just a reminder, these people are in high school, not second grade). Simon wins, and Mike gets mad. He throws a trash can at Simon, and is about to throw a punch when our troupe director breaks them up. Mike says he quits the play and walks out. I have to go and help Jane, who is on the verge of breaking down, because she has to adjust the entire fight scene in just a few minutes. She tells me to fight the guy who plays Peter in center stage. I am TERRIFIED at this point because I was originally on a platform in the back, and Peter isn't as fast as my original partner. I'm starting to get really bad stage fright, so I just nod quietly and head back to the stage wing. Lo and behold, Mike is back!! About 5 minutes later he's giving a weak apology to our troupe director, who only lets him back in because it's too close to our first public showing. I am furious at this point, and am still fuming as our last rehearsal starts. I go to get a drink of water at one point and Mike follows me, acting like he is completely innocent and a macho man for throwing a trash can. I just avoid him and say,""I don't want to talk to you right now"" coldly before going into the girl's bathroom. I didn't want to snap or start"
1934,"AITA if I don't want to work physically with my father and uncle tomorrow instead of trying to find a different job? First time posting on this sub. I'm 20M, and have been struggling to find a job ever since my summer job ended in August. I've put in applications, and no callbacks, nothing. Both sides of my family (parents are divorced) are getting mad at me, calling me lazy. I've been diagnosed with depression and anxiety, and I'll admit it's starting to get to me, but hopefully someone will offer me something soon. I seriously do want a job, even if it's only to get the complaining to stop. Bit of background info. As mentioned, parents are divorced. Father was found to be doing some shady crap to screw my mother out of money (selling his landscaping/snow removal business to his brother (my uncle), acting like he's broke when he's obviously not, etc.) and refusing to help with college. And, I still hate him for it. Don't really like going over his house, or anything to do with him. Fast-forward to tonight. Taking a shower, and my mother knocks and comes in, and suddenly tells me that tomorrow, I'm going to help my father and uncle shovel snow, and that she told him I'd be ready early in the morning, without even asking me first. I told her no, I'm not helping them, that it's not because I don't want a *job*, it's because I don't want to help *them*, and that I'd go around tomorrow and put more applications in. I'm honestly trying to get something together, and people may think I'm lazy because there's something right in front of me and I refuse to take it...but it's a personal reason. I just don't want to help my father and uncle. So...am I the asshole here?"
1935,"AITA: hairdresser gave me a wildly different style, tipped her 30%, asked for her to fix it today. I asked for a short hair cut, provided several pics, but my hairdresser went with “what she thought looked cuter.” I’ve gone to her for 3 years, never had an issue. Whatever she gave me looks like a fucking bowl cut from Stranger Things. She refused to show me the back cause she said “there was no time.” So I kindly called and asked if she could give me my layers since I tipped her way too high for this kind of shit. (In different words of course). She has me today at 3 for a fix up of the hair, but am I an asshole for asking for the haircut I wanted? Is she gonna sabotage me? Do I have to pay her again? Update for all: went back, hair is like 25% away from what I want. I’ll just fix the rest myself. Didn’t have to pay a second time."
1936,"AITA for telling my friend flat earth is bullshit? The asshole can go either way depending on the situation But here's mine. Basically, I have this old religious friend that I don't talk to anymore because I'm no longer religious like him. Yesterday was my birthday, and he greeted me happy birthdays with gif emojis and all that shiz. Then several minutes later, things escalated and he suddenly went all bananas explaining to me that science is lying to us and the earth was really flat, raining down bible verses and churning down greek and latin translations of the interpretation. At first I thought he was being sarcastic. But he even went on to prove to me that the Earth is flat, covered by a glass dome, and the shape of rainbows proved that. Yanking down verses to prove his point. Before that, I was being really friendly up until I realised he was pretty fucking serious. This guy has been my friend real constantly for over a year. And I am concerned. I went to debunk his crap and told him midpoint that flat earth is bullshit. Be wary, I'm no longer with them and it's been 2-3 years. I am zero percent religious. Yet this guy is trying to talk to me about things I don't want to talk about, which I have told him already like 2 years ago. I told him I don't want to hear any of the religious wachamahoochie Take note, I did not initiate any of this conversation, he was the one who forced my hand into this kind of shit. I believe in respecting other people's belief. But AITA for telling him otherwise?"
1937,"AITA I am choosing to spend NYE with my family instead of my GF's. Hello, I just wanted to get some impartial insight from this subreddit to see if I am off-base or being insensitive in this situation. A bit of background. My girlfriend and I are in our 20s and have been dating for 4 months. For the holidays, her family was out of town so she spent it with me and my family, except for Christmas Eve (I drove her to her extended family's party and spent the evening with her there). She was sick on Christmas Day, so I split my time between spending it with family and coming back home to check on her, provide clean blankets, bring sprite/crackers, cuddle, etc. Some of my family from out of town also came by at the end of the week and she joined us to celebrate with them. Again, during this time her family was out of town, so she didn't have anyone to celebrate with. To the issue at hand: We talked about our plans for NYE yesterday, and I mentioned that I needed to help my parents prepare meals/desserts for the NYE party we hold for family. She seemed upset and asked when I'll be joining her and her family for NYE (for context, two of her siblings live out of state and rarely see her as a result). I told her I would happily join her for part of the evening (they go bowling for a couple hours and she seemed excited to introduce me to her other siblings while we bowled). She became upset when I said I planned to return to my family after bowling was over. She said that we've spent the majority of the holiday season with my family, to which I responded, ""Our families have our own traditions. I can respect that you want to spend time with yours. I need you to respect that I want to spend time with mine."" From my perspective, I'm not asking her to give up spending any time with her family by being with me and my family, but she believes that I should spend the whole night with hers. She asked me to leave her apartment, because she was mad and didn't want to talk about it anymore. She texted me later saying that she's upset that I can't sacrifice one night out of the year to be with her instead of my family."
1938,"AITA For not leaving a tip? My 2 friends and I recently went to a restaurant, one we have all been to before and enjoy. We were sat at a table right next to the exit to the kitchen door. After a full hour of not getting our food we stopped our waitress and noted that it had been so long. The manager overheard us and doubted us. He didn't believe it had been so long till we noted the timing of one of my friends texts. A few minutes later our waitress came back and apologized,v saying the kitchen had lost our ticket and our meal would be free (and take another 20-30 minutes). She also said her shift was over so she was leaving us with a different waitress. We finally got our food and ate, but our new waitress never showed up. And no one really expressed any apologies. After some debate we decided not to leave a tip because our original waitress was gone, our new one hadn't shown up, we had been sitting next to the kitchen (so it should have been obvious we hadn't gotten our food for so long), and because the manager was quite rude. Edit: I'm from the U.S."
1939,"AITA for being blunt with a friend and allowing it to create distance? For some background, B has been a good friend since college, but has always been extremely insecure and in need of constant validation. It’s not uncommon for her to send me long messages or call in the middle of the night in need of reassurance. It’s become increasingly burdensome on me as she’s driven most of her other friends away with this behavior. She seems to admire her own problems and refuses to make changes to her life, get therapy, etc. A few nights ago I am spending time with a friend I haven’t seen in a long time and B knows this. She Snapchats me all evening anyway and appears to be having a good time drinking and partying with her bf. I should have just ignored her but since she is so commonly in a crisis I just reflexively look at anything she sends. At midnight out of nowhere she sends me another one of her long messages laying out the same insecurities she has always had and essentially fishing for compliments and reassurance. Given that just a hour or so before told me she’d had a whole bottle of wine, and I was irritated and distracted, I said “you’re drunk, you’re a good person and you need to go to sleep. You’ll be fine in the morning.” This pissed her off and looking back it was rather blunt. Now she is giving me the silent treatment. I’ve only sent a couple messages, just “Happy new year” and the like because frankly, I need space from her anyway. AITA for saying that to her and furthermore for purposefully allowing it to damage our friendship as a result?"
1940,AITA for cutting off contact with my father that blamed me for his suicide attempt?
1941,"WIBTA for dumping my girlfriend when she's going through tough times? Ok, so this has been bothering me a lot. Previously our relationship had been pretty good, we've had our differences and fights but we always bounced back. This changed when she started to have issues at home, causing her to be colder and unforgiving of mistakes in general. I tried to be supportive and understanding, but I didn't have any clue how to help so I wasn't able to contribute much. This started to make her resent me in a sense. It started with her comparing me to her more mature friends, and asking me why I as someone in my 20s couldn't be as reliable or as mature as her friends who have already established a career and a family. I told her it wasn't a fair comparison and she told me that this was the kind of person she needed right now in her life, not me. I tried to shrug it off and be a better partner, as well as change for her, in the sense that I had to grow up faster. However no matter how hard I tried and how fast I grew, (or at least by my judgement), it wasn't enough. There would always be a failing she'd pick on. Admittedly, this made things really difficult for me and I found myself snapping a lot more and just keeping my distance. Things picked up for a while when I managed to finally help her by working a part time job and partially supporting her through that pay, and for a while I thought things were fine. Then she told me that she didn't think she loved me, or was just incapable of feeling the emotion of love. At the time, once again, I tried to shrug it off as nothing and told her that I would be here until she figured things out, but then things got bad again, and I found myself hurt, bitter and resentful about everything. In a sense, I felt unappreciated by her. I wasn't expecting flowers or songs of praise, but I was hoping to at least still have the assurance that I was a meaningful part of her life. We fought again recently because I picked up my smoking habit again due to the stress of working a job and studying for Uni. Harsh words were exchanged and while I patched things up, I'm really not sure if I want to keep going on. This is also complicated by the fact that as of now we have different goals in life, goals which changed after the change in circumstances. I still love her, but I don't know if I should. But obviously I would feel bad because she's going through a lot of shit, and I'm really not exaggerating on that. It's really bad. TLDR: the relationship is strained because of her family issues, I don't know if it's right for me to be unhappily loving her, or to be selfish and choose myself over her."
1942,"AITA for breaking up with my girlfriend over a lack of a New Years kiss? So I'd been dating my girlfriend since September, coming up on four months this week. We've had problems in the past, and it's honestly been a pretty rocky relationship because we're horrible for each other and want different things out of life (she wants a successful career as a baker, I run a small business and am glad to break even and don't need fancy things, she wants a house and two kids and a white picket fence, I want to start and live in a music venue, she wants a husband with a 9 to 5 stable job, I want to produce peoples' music and am okay with being broke sometimes, she's asexual, I have a very high sex drive, etc). Honestly we've even taken a couple of breaks (never a good sign in a 3 month old relationship). ANYWAYS, so last night was New Years' Eve. I've only actually been dating someone on NYE once and it was in high school, and I was excited about the prospect of being able to kiss someone at midnight and all that, but she ended up not even hanging out with me on New Years Eve and going out with friends instead. I texted her a kissy face at midnight and she responded with a generic ""Happy new years"". I asked if I was even gonna get a kissy face back and she responded ""Not likely."" This morning, I found out from a friend that she had been hanging out with a guy friend and cuddling up to him during the party they were at. Nobody could verify it and she denied it, but one friend said he thought he saw them kiss at midnight. I messaged her and said ""I heard about last night. We're over. Don't text me."" because honestly I had been kind of wanting to break up with her but I'm really bad at that kind of thing. Am I the asshole in this situation, knowing that I don't know for sure what happened at the party and knowing that she is asexual and doesn't really enjoy kisses?"
1943,"Wibta if I disinvite my mother from my son's birthday? Mum has told me that her husband wants to start a fight with dad at my son's 4th birthday party. To my mind, he has a legitimate grievance. Dad upset mum last year. But I'm not ok with him wanting to resolve it with fisticuffs or thinking that a child's birthday party is an appropriate venue. I'm sort of not ok with mum making it my problem either. I mean, I'm just trying to make a nice birthday event with craft activities and afternoon tea. I'm planning to just tell her he can't come and if she doesn't get it neither can she. Is this an asshole move?"
1944,"AITA - Played the piano whilst sister was studying So, for some reason, my sister decided to do her coursework in the lounge even though there are two places in the house where you can study and she has her own room. I went into the lounge because my grand piano is in there and I wanted to have a play. My sister then starts moaning at me asking why I have to play when she's doing her coursework in there. I then asked her why she has to be in there when she can literally do her coursework anywhere in the house and I can only play my piano in one room. After saying this she then storms off. Am I the asshole? Edit: Just to make things clear I did not purposefully go and play the piano because she was in there. I had no idea she was in there until I went in. Sorry for the confusion"
1945,"WIBTA (future) if I pirate office? Now before you go bananas about how piracy is assholetry, it is. But I have a special cause. I paid for it, and my computer got formatted a month later by a brainfarted tech support guy that was supposed to just replace the GPU on (mother doesn't trust me to replace parts so we took it to a computer lab and left it for repair). Office was gone. I thought to myself, ""if you accidentally burn a book you wouldn't steal a second one"", but books have a physical cost to produce, and Microsoft can make an infinite amount for free. Will it be an asshole if i pirate a program that I already own?"
1946,"AITA I can't stand 3 of the nicest people at work It's not that I'm *not* a people person, I love people and I genuine value time with them. However, people do drain me and I can only handle interaction in smaller doses than average. I'm very sensitive to other's ""vibes"", as well as intuitive about a person's character and selective of who my energy goes to, simply because I don't have a lot of it. These 3 people talk to *everyone* and never stop talking. Ever. I bet they talk in their sleep. They're all super sweet but a couple of them I think are just leeches. Other people see them as caring and friendly of everyone while I see them as trying to pull in as many people they can to maintain a constant source of energy/attention. 1. While he is the least chatty of the three, he stresses me out the most. He has some kind of mental disability like severe autism or high functioning borderline retardation of some kind. So it's not his fault. But the way he says my name or greets me literally makes me dread coming to work. He yells, ""UhLYSSA!"" Really loud like my mom just caught me doing some shit and follows with, ""How are ya?"". I'm a very jumpy person and super sensitive to noise...this scares the shit out of me and pushed me over the edge when I was trying to calm myself from a panic attack. I know I'm such a pussy snowflake anyway but this shit would *still* annoy the fuck out of me even if I wasn't. 2. Let's call her B. B is an older lady and reminds me too much of my late aunt who's a bipolar addict and some other family members...who are also either bipolar, addicts or both. She's so sweet, too sweet. Never says anything mean about anyone ever and looks like a cute little old lady. Even buys me snickers from time to time. However, she literally never shuts the fuck up and butts into conversations that don't include her at all, even ones she can't relate to. If she's not talking, she'll sit somewhere in the corner or behind you and you can just feel her waiting to be acknowledged all sulky and shit. If you make the mistake of listening to her when she's talking about how hard her life is, she'll forever make you her ""go to"" person for sympathy. I can't stand her because I feel like this ""sweet lady"" act is just a manipulation tactic to lure people in and suck the life out of them. I grew up around people like that and my natural instinct is to just avoid and ignore the fuck out of her. One time she asked me how my Christmas was, just to coax me into asking about hers. I told her it went fine and didn't ask about her Christmas, she still proceeded to tell me how lonely it was for her and that she was sad she couldn't go"
1947,"AITA getting interrupted by a cashier So I was getting takeout at a store. I'm ordering then try to pick what side I want while looking at the menu. The cashier interrupts my thought process because I guess I was taking too long and says ""What drink?"" so I tell her what side I want first and then she screams 'WHAT DRINK' again loudly and rudely because I didn't answer her question (I was going to after I said the side) and it seemed she thought I was trying to one up her and that she had to one up me back or something. But seriously I felt like her interrupting my whole entire train of thought trying to figure out a side because I was taking too long was dumb because it would take me even longer to figure out what side I wanted if I now had to focus on what drink I wanted. So I feel like she was being the rude/illogical one first. I'm not even sure. And she would always look at me with disgust prior to that incident.. But I'm wonder was her interrupting me in the first place and then screaming I didn't reply to her question right away, am I the asshole? I was going to reply to it after saying my side."
1948,"AITA for leaving a friend at a tourist spot We went to a tourist spot which is 2 hours away from our hotel. There were three of us but the third person is mostly silent (due to him being upset about something which is not completely relevant to the story). So the three of us were there. I often asked the nonsilent guy what time we need to go home and keeping track in general how much time we have left to explore before our scheduled bus home. Most of these conversations were in front of the silent guy. One and a half hour before the last bus, he split from our group without warning us. We messaged him on Facebook (hoping he had Internet) that we can't find him (silent guy) and we are leaving soon, to meet him in the bus stop. Half an hour before, we were already panicking for him because he was nowhere to be found. My phone was dead and my friend can't call his foreign number. So we actually combined our limited resources and managed to call his number (using my SIM and other guy's phone). Goes straight to voicemail. We later learn he left his phone in the hotel. Right before departure, we decided to do something people might consider selfish. We left without him. It was the last bus home in this tourist spot in the middle of nowhere. The idea is that one person left out there is way less worse than three people, two of which blaming the other about the entire situation. Fifteen minutes after departure, he messages us that he's still in the tourist spot. We gave him options on how to go meet us the next day. I also told him there was a hotel there (but expensive). We are also in the process of discussing how we move forward as a group with the vacation. Am I the asshole?"
1949,"AITA for staying at my brothers house with my girlfriend some nights To clarify the title, my girlfriend has come over to stay the night 3 times. It’s a one bedroom apartment in the city and it’s not a studio but the bedroom has no door, just a hallway leading to it. I’ve been staying with my brother for about two months now and recently started dating a girl. The past two times she stayed the night, I got the bed and he took the couch. He took the couch most times because he has a weird sleeping schedule and wanted to watch tv at 3am. Both times before were totally fine. Here’s where it gets complicated. So he met a girl about 2 weeks ago and she, through some unfortunate circumstances/poor decisions, was living in a women’s shelter. He decided that he wanted to help her and let her move in after dating for a week. This isn’t a crazy big deal because we both travel for work a lot and will both be gone by the end of the week for what will probably be 3-4 months. He also doesn’t care about her stealing or any mischief that might happen while she’s here alone because our neighbor is a really good friend of hers and we just don’t give a shit about material things like that. So this past week I’ve had the couch. Which I don’t mind at all. Until tonight when I brought my girlfriend home and gave my brother notice of it. I said we were gonna sleep on the couch and he said no problem. Well we get home around 1am and they are up watching tv on the couch. I ask him if we can take the bed and he says go for it. Cool. Fast forward to 3:30am and his girlfriend turns on the lights and starts saying we need to get up so they can have the bed. I ignore it and turn the light off. She persists for about another 20 minutes and I finally say something to the effect of “got it, fuck off, we’re going, just shut the fuck up”. My gf and I are so pissed and tired that I just take her home. Except the whole time driving home I was upset not because I told her to fuck off and was rude, but I don’t want to disrespect my brother since he’s helped me get back on my feet after a recent adventure gone sour. My brother and I have a very strong mutual respect and I don’t want to interfere with that because I’m cranky when woken up. Am I the asshole or is his girlfriend? TL;DR- I brought girlfriend over, brother and I agreed on sleeping arrangements. His girlfriend disagrees, wakes us up, I snap and get pissy, now I feel bad. Edit- cons to come. It’s early/late fuck spelling"
1950,"AITA for not loving my family? I've always been taught that you love family no matter what, but... I just don't. I have two little brothers who are more like my sons (We don't have a father). I mean, I take care of them and look after them, but I can't say I love them because we don't exactly connect in any way. My mother I kinda love, but it conflicts a lot with my negative feelings towards her so... She has been responsible in her mother duties (paying school, bills, feeding us, etc.), but has lacked a lot in the emotional part of the job... I don't treat them like trash or anything, I just stay locked in my room until I'm needed cause I'd rather be alone than interact with them. The point is: Am I an asshole for not having feelings of love or companionship towards my family?"
1951,"AITA for not taking my gf's complaints seriously? I'll start off with some context: I'm a college student in a happy relationship with another college student. In our 8 months together, we've had some minor hiccups but mutually agree that we have a very pleasant relationship as do those around us. Over the recent winter break, I have spent considerable time apart from her (as my home is far from my school) and this space has brought to light some concerns my actions on her end. She says that when I talk to her I'm either distracted by youtube videos/talking to someone who's present or I'm too tired to carry a conversation. She says that she does not like dead air when talking to me, and I agreed. She complains that I've not been giving her an appropriate amount of attention and that she has been on the sidelines and I retort by stating that I'm seeing my friends who come only twice a year to the area as well as my family during the holidays. Those small issues aside, she says that as a whole, I do not take her concerns seriously and I do not make her feel comfortable when sharing what she thinks is wrong with the relationship. For some context, I never raise my voice at her (for any reason) nor consider myself a douchebag. That being said, I acknowledge that I acted like a dick by saying things like ""this is not as big of a deal as you're making it"" or ""get over it"" when she was clearly frustrated and on the verge of tears. Finally, she argued that she did not know what she wanted from me and that left me in a tough position as to what to say so I concluded by stating that I'd focus more on being empathetic anytime she brought up issues and that I'd try to give her my full attention over the phone. BUT I also pinned most of the blame on her and stated she was not making an effort to change while I said that I would. As a result we're taking a short break from each other to come to terms with what she wants. On a final note, she insists that she's very different from me such that I can move on and not be too mad about the previous night's events whereas she was still furious and would not be willing to move on without definite closure. I know this was a long read so thanks for getting to this point. Feel free to lemme know in detail, am I the asshole here? tl;dr gf and I are in a happy relationship for 8 months. We spend time away from each other over winter break and she insists that I am distracted while talking to her and not giving her enough attention. This develops into her not being comfortable sharing things with me because I am dismissive of some of the issues she brings up. I think I'm right she thinks she's right"
1952,"AITA for making my friend feel attacked? THE BACK STORY: I have a friend who I've known for years, but we were never close. Since this summer we'd spent a lot of time together and gotten pretty close. We saw each other multiple times a week and talked for a few hours each time. So much so that multiple mutual friends asked if we were dating. I don't feel like I am ready for a serious relationship and so I asked him to clarify some statements he had made to make sure that we were both on the same page. I should note that there were a couple weeks that this weighed heavily on my mind and I was rather awkward and anxious about it. When I finally did talk to him I hadn't slept for the last several days and I basically sent him Snapchat videos in an anxious tear stained frenzy asking him what was up because I was so confused. He answered my questions and asked me why I felt i wasn't ready for a relationship and after I told him he said that he hadn't thought we were dating, he said that we probably were friends. He said that part of being friends was considering whether he thought we were ""compatible"" for a more intimate relationship but that he wasn't at a point where he thought he knew enough about me to pursue a dating relationship. He said that we had been just friends before and we'd keep being friends. That was thanksgiving week and since then we've had two conversations irl. WHAT HAPPENED THIS WEEK: I think that the best way to communicate this is to just copy paste our texts because I never got a chance to actually talk to him. Tuesday: Me: I get to work tomorrow. I've missed all my coworkers, not enough to brave the cold and go in on my days off, but it's been weird not seeing them. And it's been weird not seeing you. When is that going to happen again? Him: Are you going to be at church tomorrow? Me: Probably. So in the past we would meet up after church and talk in the parking lot, usually for at least an hour. I am habitual and almost always go to church on Wednesdays, and so does he, but sometimes he has plans afterwards. I assumed since he asked me he was available to talk to me after we were done with church. Yesterday afternoon I found out that he wasn't going on a trip that we'd planed to go on for half a year and that he had decided not to go back in November. This is an example of how little we'd communicated and I wanted to ask why he hasn't been talking to me much. Last night I wore two pairs of pants and two coats because it was stupid cold out and I really wanted to be able to talk to him. I waited in the parking lot and he walked past me and just"
1953,"AITA for not wanting my roommate's cocaine-addicted 'bf' in our apartment anymore? So this all started for me 3 years ago. My roommate at the time had just started seeing a boy, let's name him Mike. Mike and my roommate dated very casually, with her ending things. I didn't get too many details, aside from the fact that he was a total loser. My roommate, Mike and I had many mutual friends, and it was through a good friend that I found out what he was really like: a cocaine addict. I mean partying every single weekend, going to after hours, up until 2pm still doing blow. I was happy he was out of the picture as I realized he was not a good influence on my roommate or myself. Fast forward 3 years, I'm no longer living with that roommate and now have a new one, lets call her Sharon. Chances are Sharon met Mike and became enamoured with him. Sharon is going through a rough time (horrific breakup) and just wants to go out every weekend, party until the afternoon doing cocaine. She has some feelings for Mike, but has assured me she only hangs out with him because she wants to get fucked up. She knows this relationship is of convenience for her as he always down to party all night and do drugs due to his addiction to cocaine. For the first month she didn't really bring the party home with her, but then Mike had to move out of his apartment and back home with his parents (shocker...). This for me is where the real problem began. When Sharon and Mike went out together, which was every Friday and Saturday, he would have to stay over at my house as they were 'dating'. My roommate went out and partied on the weekends prior to Mike, but it was never to the extent of what she did when with him. Of course I was worried about Sharon. I expressed my concern to her before, but the irony is that I am no angel myself. A few times a year I will go out and take substances myself, but I am a professional student and in school to be a doctor. I have many checks to keep me in balance, mainly my schoolwork. I am also always home around last call when I do go out; no blow all-nighters for this gal. I felt like a hypocrite in conversations with my roommate, but felt my actions as a very casual user of drugs were very different then hers and Mike's. Never have I gone out Friday, come back at 5pm on Saturday, slept for 3 hours, then gone out again until 6am on Sunday, and repeated the following weekend. Without fail, Mike was with her every night and would stay over at our apartment Friday-Sunday. After a few months of this I told her again that I was worried about her destructive behaviour and her company. My roommate went out but never like this before Mike. He was dragging"
1954,"WIBTA if I asked my mom if I could return a Christmas present? Normally I wouldn’t do this because I try to enjoy the gifts I get, but my mom bought me a Nintendo switch for Christmas and I’m really just not enjoying it. I want to return it and use the money to buy something I want, but I’m afraid that it might insult her. Should I ask for the receipt?"
1955,"AITA for ignoring a car crash? So I was driving home earlier, stopped at a five way junction. This junction allows one exit to get a green light at a time, not in direct order. The green light is ending for the road to my right and a car clearly runs the red light. The lane to my left goes green and the first car out (facing directly at the oncoming car) turns immediately and smashes the back end of the one who ran the light. There are clearly no injuries, as i saw the drivers both exit to shout at each other over blame. I had a full view of the whole incident, but have no desire to go giving statements and get involved in an ordeal. I'm not THE asshole (as that's the rear driver) but am I AN asshole for just ignored it?"
1956,"AITA if my crush and her boyfriend had an argument because of me? Also, how to not be an asshole while getting out of this situation. So i have had a crush on this girl, lets call het Katy, from when she was single. We became good friends, then i told her how i felt, she didn't give me an answer, left me hanging. A few weeks later she gets into a relationship with Danny(fake name), that was totally fine by me. She was happy and that was enough for me. So i stuck around as a friend. I never knew that Danny had a problem with me talking to Katy since nobody ever told me until recently Katy told me she had an argument a few weeks ago and still ongoing with Danny about me still talking with her. (Danny is aware that i like this girl alot, but Danny and I don't talk that much). I was never aware that i was causing a strain in their relationship. Katy doesn't want me to stop being friends with her because Danny says no. I am so confused what is the best thing to do to get out of this situation without making matters worse. Should i confront Danny about how it is between me and Katy, should i walk out, stop being friends with her, All i want is then to be happy and not hurt either one of them."
1957,"AITA For Doing This in The Workplace? There are two narcissists in the office I work in. It is an open-concept office where there are no cubes or partitions or private offices. Everyone hears everyone's phone and peer to peer conversations (business or personal). No one can't help but hear what these two narcissists say. Narcissist A talks all the time, won’t shut up, gives unsolicited advice and opinions, lies about most every thing he talks about, constantly throws co-workers under the bus, refuses to take responsibility for his mistakes, believes himself to be superior in thought and deed to all and is happy to let everyone know, finishes a phone call with a customer and then berates the customer for needing help (he works in service) ... and I could go on. Narcissist B is similar, but he brags about his wealth (he was able to buy ownership in this privately held corporation), brags about how liberal and free spirited he is, brags about his only child (a silver spoon golden daughter), brags about how he smoked pot in high school and the expensive cigars he smokes now, wants to compare resting pulse rates because he is in excellent shape, refers to his employees and people in general as ""peasants"", criticizes his employees behind their backs saying vile and contemptible things about their intelligence, health, body, believes current and potential customers are ignorant (once said he needed start a twitter account to spread bad buzz about the company so a particular customer set wouldn’t buy product so he wouldn't need to deal with their complete and utter stupidity). He would vilify the previous owner of the company (my father) with such condemnation until I finally told him to shove it up his ass (I've been told he still vilifies my father - but not in my hearing). He was unable to pass his PE (professional engineer) licensing tests after several attempts so refers to anyone with a PE behind his name as ‘stupid people’. And I could go on. I’ve work with these two narcissists for 20+ years. Until recently, I used to interact and converse with them, even went on a few recreational bro trips with them. However, after too many debates with Narcissist A and after hearing too many stories of Narcissist B bailing out my father’s inability to design, manufacture and market capital machinery (although my father was extremely successful before he retired and sold), I’ve had enough. Am I an asshole because : I don’t acknowledge their presence or their existence. In my heart, I hold utter contempt and disdain for them and make no effort to conceal if asked. I don’t don’t talk to them. I don’t acknowledge anything they say. If directly spoken to I respond in single word sentences to give the impression I believe they are unable to understand a multi word sentence. I put on headphones and listen to youtube, music or anything to drown out their voices when I can’t organically filter out or ignore them. At times, I make noise"
1958,"AITA for ghosting my brother-in-law/friend? To start where I live it's brutally cold. Last weekend when this happened it was 1-2 degrees. My wife had to take our dog to the vet, and after she stopped at a local drive in (as in you park and they bring the food out to you, no lobby or drive through). After she gets her food she goes to start the car and it doesn't start. She calls me and I can't answer since I work 12 hour shifts overnight and I'm dead asleep asleep. We live in a rural area with not taxis or Uber so she basically has to call every number, everyone is too far away. She eventually gets ahold of my friend and her brother-in-law/best friend who says he'll be out to get her. A few minutes later he calls her back and tells her he has plans and she will have to wait for a tow truck. A two hour wait for my wife and my dog in the cold with literally no options. I eventually get up after an hour and a half and find out what happened. Everything gets handled and everyone is okay, luckily. Since then he's texted me like nothing happened. I don't believe that's how friends should treat eachother and so I'm keeping myself from responding as I want to be calm and not say anything drastic. I decided I'll respond to him on my time. Am I blowing this out of proportion for feeling so slighted by this?"
1959,"AITA for being disappointed with Christmas last year? My (18F) parents have always been champs at christmas but 2017 was the year I was officially an adult and my sister was out of the country for Christmas for the first time. I believed in Santa longer than the average child but when they knew that I knew he wasn’t real they still made an effort to make it seem like he was purely because that’s how it’s always been and how I like it. I’m disappointed not only because they broke that tradition last year, but they didn’t seem to make any effort at all with gifts. Since my sister wasn’t there I did all the work and made Christmas menus and got them double the amount of presents despite being mentally ill and having a tough time. Santa got them each a present but none for me. What they got me were pretty disappointing as well. For example, I got two dresses. I’d bought one like a week beforehand because I needed one but I never wear them unless I absolutely have too. They also got me a pair of sunglasses which make me look like a freaking alien. They know I always go for a certain style and that was definitely not it. They got me the game Battleship despite the fact I hate board games. I also wanted band merch and specifically told them which one I wanted but they got me a different one because they liked it more. Idk I really try to enjoy my gifts and try new things. I played battleship but got bored, I’ve worn my dresses out and my sunglasses but have been EXTREMELY uncomfortable. I know they have good intentions but if I try to say they’re not me they get offended and call me ungrateful. Am I the asshole here for being disappointed with the break in tradition and shitty presents? TL;DR: Struggling to enjoy my unusual Christmas presents and getting blamed when I hint towards not liking them"
1960,"AITA for planning to be a hermit and stop going clubbing with my friends? So my family isn’t the wealthiest but they’ve been helping me out as much as they can and I plan to start working as soon as I get back to university, but going out costs too much money. There’s the cab to the club, the club entry, I see some new heels or some lipstick that I want; nights out can be very pricy. Then there’s weed, that’s just a me-time thing, I don’t think I can go out as much and smoke weed as much as I do, which to me is a fair trade. I study whilst high so I’m not in any rush to stop, everyone has their vices right? I hate being drunk, makes me unproductive the next day, then I have to buy people drinks, this person says they’ll pay me back for the cab (they don’t). How to I get my friends to stop bugging me about going clubbing when I hate it? I’m always miserable when the musics shit (90% of the time) but my friend has a bday coming up, not a close friend mind you, but I’m not feeling it. Is it a dick move to stay home, get high by myself and watch movies? TLDR: I’m a poor stoner, am I a dick for not wanting to go out clubbing with friends and staying home and getting high instead?"
1961,"AITA For getting angry at someone for touching me? I (18M) really doesn't like having people but this girl has been touching me despite me telling her to stop doing it. This tuesday I was playing on my phone when she sat down next to me asking me what I did on my phone. I told her, but then she started petting my hair telling me that it felt like her cats fur. I touched her stomach and said that it felt like a hippo. She started crying and since that she and her friends have been treating me like I am the second coming of Lucifer"
1962,"WIBTA if I don't spend my first paycheck on treating my aunts to lunch? Tl;DR at the bottom. I finally gotten my first job ever(22 years old) at a sandwich place at the mall near where I live. I'm getting paid bi-weekly at around $8.50/hour. I'm nearly finishing my second week, and will be getting paid next week, which I told my mom. my mom asked about it and I told her, and she suggest that I go out and treat my two aunts out for something to eat(One of them being the most respected head of the family in my opinion, the other being the oldest, and they live together) for all the times they helped me out. first aunt will be Ma 6(Vietnamese thing, roughly translate to ""sixth mother"", the respected one) and second will be Ma 2(second mother, based on age, so she's the oldest in the family, so therefore ""second mother""). they're both old, but they are good people, who help out everyone in the family when they can, and everyone cares about and respects them. one of the things they did to help me was help pay for technical school so I could finish in time because I didn't want to ask my parents(I do not get along with my parents to say the least), which, to me, is a big thing considering they aren't exactly the richest people around, but despite that, they care about me and wanted me to finish, which I did (going to school did not help me find a job however). Despite all of the things they done for me, I don't really want to spend my first paycheck on them, mainly because I feel like I'll need the money myself for other things, like buying a new phone to replace my damaged one. My mom gets upset with me, saying they helped me out all the time, and that I should do something for them for once, while I tell her that since I'm not getting paid a whole lot, along with the pay being bi-weekly, I don't want to spend my first pay on things like treating family. I'm mostly sure that my aunts wouldn't want me to spend money on them either, but if I could, I most likely would, but not with my first paycheck, since I don't know how much I'll be getting paid total yet, and whether or not I can even spare any money. TL;DR version: gotten first job, pay is $8.50/hr, get paid bi-weekly. Finishing second week, getting paid the next week, mom wants me to use the money to treat my aunts who helped me out in life, I want to spend it on myself for things I need like a new phone to replace my broken one, along with the fact i get paid bi-weekly, which I rather save what I can, mom got upset over it. Update: Guess I'll just buy my aunts lunch then, since the fact that me being 22 and finally getting a job means that I have"
1963,"WIBTA if I called an 18+ year old female, girl instead of Woman? I have heard that the correct way to address a female that is 18 years or older is the term ""Woman"". Girl seems to be disrespectful. If I accidentally address an 18 year old plus female as ""girl"" instead of ""woman"".. would I be rude?"
1964,"AITA for been upset that my wife takes food to a pregnant woman. Hi. I'm a 40yo Latino under educated freelance artist trying to take care of my family, 7 month pregnant wife and 9yo kid, and I haven't been able to catch a break for the last couple of years. Been married for 10 years and 5 years ago I moved to Asia to a country I don't speak the language with only 2k dollars. I wasn't able to get a resident Visa until 3 years after we came. My wife, a native, can't keep a job more than a month and she have only tried twice. Today the 7th of January, I have 35 dollars cash, my PayPal account is -150 dlls for almost a month and I haven't paid this month rent yet. My wife decided to get into ""air"" college 6 months ago even tho I begged her to wait until after the pregnancy but her mother offered to pay for it (250 dlls) to or surprise when the actual tuition was 600 dlls and her mom took her money back. Last 2 times we went to buy food for the week we maxed our cr"
1965,"AITA if.. I can't figure out whether I'm the asshole...? Haha Here goes: (TL;DR at end) When I was seven years old I developed OCD. I had obsessive intrusive thoughts which panicked me for upward of five hours a day. Before this, my mother was a single mum. I was definitely given the most attention at this time because I followed her around like a lost puppy. I slept with mum in her bed. I was obsessed with her, really, haha she was the light of my life. Then she met my step-dad, and my anxiety began. Suddenly, (and as to be expected, but tell that to a 7-year-old haha) I had to sleep alone, I felt like I was forgotten about. Suddenly, she was never home anymore, and after that, I don't remember ever being close to her, ever again. That doesn't matter. What matters is that my anxiety began, and it was very hard to deal with at 7 years old haha. I asked for help, at age 10, I went to the school counsellor and told her about the thoughts I was having - that if I didn't do a certain ritual, mum was going to die (couldn't step on cracks, etc). It was taking up a lot of my time. Obviously, any time I walked anywhere, that's all I was thinking about - don't step on cracks. Then I would have the intrusive thought, like, 'I wish mum was dead' and I'd have to say 'I'm joking' over and over until I felt like I said it *just right* so the anxiety would go away. Sometimes I'd be saying it for up to a minute. Imjokingimjokingimjoking. Haha I know this probably sounds so weird, but this is two examples of a very long list of shit that gave me anxiety/intrusive thoughts. The obsessions were so time-consuming. The counsellor suggested I see a psychiatrist, and gave me a note to take home to my mum, so I could get permission to see one. When I showed my mum, she said, 'you're fine,' and never signed it. I'm 22 now, and on many occasions in my life, I've asked for help or tried to bring my mental health to conversation with my mum because, maybe, I need her acceptance. And every time, she's made me feel like I was overreacting, and embarrassing her. Last year, my mum said that she ignored it my whole life because 'I was making it up for attention.' Now, I have a lot of frustration about it. It hurts me so much, and I can't seem to let it go, because my mental illness is still a huge part of my life today. Ever since I was little, all I heard was, 'family is the most important', and I believed it, but now I'm thinking I'm the asshole for expecting too much... My sister is kind of notorious for saying things which will hurt me, on purpose, all the time. She kinda strikes for gold there haha. Last night, I was trying to explain to"
1966,"WIBTA if I told my friend that he was outed as gay by a mutual friend. I'm a high school senior and in my circle of guys one of them has recently come out as gay. Now this was a couple of months ago but things began getting more convoluted. We'll call my gay friend Devin, and a mutual girl friend of ours Hillary. Hillary and Devin have gotten very close over the last year and this is because Hillary knows his secret and Devin is using her as his beard. Another friend in my circle is Donald. Donalds girlfriend is friends with Hillary and Hillary outed Devin to Donalds girlfriend. Donalds girlfriend told Donald, and Donald told me and another friend. I've been wrestling over whether or not I should tell Devin that he was outed by one of his best friends. He's taking Hillary to prom and I don't want to be the one to ruin their relationship. The only thing stopping me from telling him is Donald is convinced that it is a bad idea to tell him this and it will just end up hurting everyone. I understand where he's coming from but I feel like I'm being a bad friend for withholding this information to Devin. Well I sure as hell don't know what to do. Can anyone help me out?"
1967,"WIBTA if I cut out my friend from my business with huge earning potential? Hello, it's really late here and I'm really tired. Forgive me if this somehow confusing, but I could really use some advice. A few months ago I started selling virtual goods. I reliased pretty early on, that the potential was huge. I had some issues with lack of capital, and started talking to my good friend about the project. We talked about working together, and agreed that we both put in $2000, with the intention of sharing 50% of the work and 50% of the profit. It has been a few weeks since then, but I'm still the only one doing all the work. If I have to be honest, I kinda delayed the process, because I didn't want him to work with me on this. The reason for this was, I realised pretty early on that he had nothing to bring to the table. He has no experience in this business, so I'm afraid I would have to spend more time teaching him than I would spend on the business. I've since then earned enough to cut him out. TL;DR: I'm selling virtual goods, and realised the potential was huge. Got my friend aboard, and we each put in $2000. I realised he has nothing to bring to the table, so I want to cut him out. AITA for just telling him I want to go solo, and just pay back his $2000 and continue myself?"
1968,"AITA For Taking my Brothers Guitar under my care My (17M) little brother (11M) wanted a guitar in November for his birthday, I was reluctant at first since his attentive span is less than a inch. So I caved in, feeling the guilt of being the Older Brother Asshole for years, I bought him a Flying V Guitar, not to expensive about 150, I had an old practice Amp he could use, some new strings, the golden setup. My mom looked me dead in the eyes, and lectured me on ""Indian Giving"", I told her he has Rocksmith, the video game to practice, well, Problem is, not even after one day, he got COD WW2 and never touched his guitar, even after I passively, and kind of Aggressively berated him about it, he feeling the Cave in of being a Douche, played it when ever I asked him, skip to 1 Week before December, the guitar is still in the place I left it after I play it, my other guitar needs a tune up, and A Flying V is pretty sweet, so I jokingly ask him ""Can this be my Christmas Present to myself."" he must have said yes, because I have the guitar next to me as I type this. My problem is my Mom lectured me again, I explained my reasoning, he wants to play his video game, not a guitar worth 3x the game itself, he is not the kid for it. I took it under my care so i don't return it, feeling ashamed my brother is Lazy, so if he ever wants it again, we have 2 guitars, 2 amps. etc. Am I the asshole for essentially stealing my Brothers Guitar as an Indian Giving scheme unintentionally because he will never play it, and giving it a chance to be played?"
1969,"WIBTA If I kicked my brother out of my room. So I'm 17 and my brother is 15. We sleep in the same room, my room. My parents where supposed to have us sleep in our own rooms. But since we where young when we moved in he just slept in my room. Now almost 7 years later he still sleeps in my room. His room had 2 beds in it btw. And he is starting to get on my nerves. He stays up later then I do so he wakes my up during the night sometimes for bullshit reasons like, I'm snoring, or he can't find the remote that he somehow missed, because I always find it in the 1st place he says he looked. He also watches anime a lot and for some reason characters in anime scream a lot. So its really loud, and when I tell him to turn it down he gets mad and refuses most of the time. There is a lot more I didn't mention because I don't have all day. But give me your honest opinion. WIBTA for kicking him out."
1970,"AITA for saying no for dating him? So my best friend Jack (not real name) who I've known for ages, asked me out. He is really cool and really attractive, but I'm a heterosexual dude. I said no and he is devastated. ruined. I feel really bad. AITA?"
1971,"AITA for quitting my job early So i'm a college student and i decided to work at my friends uncle's liquor store for winter break. my break is three weeks. the first week I worked was dec 23 to dec 30. I worked 6 days that week and when i received the schedule for the following week they only gave me 2 days of work and the second day was today. I decided to quit and told them I'd quit early as in quit today. The reason why I decided to quit early was because they didn't seem to need me. My hours almost seemed to go from 100 to 0. Honestly, would you want to work there if u felt like you weren't needed? I knew i wasn't needed because I was only going to be there a short time and I didn't know where everything was yet, and all I really did was stock the displays."
1972,"AITA For not wanting to stay at my mother's house? My mother and I have a difficult relationship. But recently it has gotten worse. My husband and I have been married 4 years and live abroad he is a teacher and we recently had a baby boy. It was so awesome of my mother to fly the 15 hours here (along with my husbands mother) and stay with us for the first 2 weeks postpartum. I was nervous and started having anxiety about her coming but I also was thankful she was doing this and started to look forward to it and see it as an opportunity to come under a common goal and really bond and have an amazing experience together.When she got her it was worse than I even could have imagined. The first day she started in on how she thought the baby was underweight. He wasn't. That he had diarrhea. He didn't. That he wasn't nursing correctly. He was. That my husband is forcing me to stay abroad. He isn't. That our house isn't nice. I like it. Now this was so stressful and soon my husband couldn't be polite anymore and told her to leave me alone. She blew up and started on FB first. Calling him a motherf*cker, control freak, satan. That she now knew his ""true"" identity. Then the screaming started at the house.That our baby deserves a better life. That him and his mom are 'nasty'. I'm crying, the baby's crying. My mother in law is in total shock really. This was the first 3 days. I begged her to be calm. To try and have a nice time. My husband apologized for being rude and she apologized for being rude. The second week was decent though i was counting down when she was leaving. I was going to chalk this all up to stress. but the second she got home it was like nothing was resolved. She wrote again to my husband that my husband is satan. That hes a control freak. That his mom is an idiot. She calls me 'Bob' when we argue which is her ex husband, my abusive alcoholic fathers name. Which causes me immense pain and guilt. When she calls me which i try to answer and talk the very bare minimum she asks if my husband and i are getting along because her 'intuition' is telling her something is 'OFF'. i have the best husband in the world. and we've been married 4 years and she has known him 12 years but has all of a sudden started this idea that she 'IS JUST LEARNING WHO HE IS.' This breaks my heart. My husband doesnt deserve this. I want to do the right thing for him. Be a good wife and protect him anyone that would disrespect him and not associate with ANYONE that would say these things to him. Only its my mom and i dont know what to do. Recently she hasnt said anything and acts like nothing happened. She gave my husband a Christmas"
1973,"AITA for ignoring my other side of the family after a fall out with my dad? Quick recap. Dad wasn't greatest dad, but still pretty good. The older I got the more I hated going to his house. One day I was actually happy to be there and said something I thought would make him happy. He didn't appreciate it. Started yelling at me, right into my face. And told me to leave. So I did. That was a little under 4 years ago now. He's attempted to get into contact me with. I want nothing to do with him anymore. Now my dad's side of the family wants to see me, and I have no problem with that, because I really do miss all of them. But I know, that they think I should forgive him. Which is something I'm not even going to consider. They've asked to see me a couple times. And both times now I've said no. Because I know seeing them, means my dad is going to show up. Because to my dad, he did nothing wrong, and thinks he can repair this. He's the type of guy to use others to try to get to me. As in my grandparents, my uncle, my apparently ""very sick"" grandma, who when we went over go see her, she wasn't even home, and he was there. He also used my little step sister and brothers, claiming they missed me. The oldest one was 4 when I left. When I saw her recently (like 2 years ago now) she didn't seem to recognize me. He also messaged my uncle on my birthday saying ""all your cousins wanna see you on your birthday, can we please see you?"" ""We"" ....which means he's going to be there. And I love that entire side of the family, but the 2 times I did talk to them, all I got was how I should forgive him, and how I should be able to look past it. I know seeing them means talking about my dad, which I don't want. So my main question, AITA for keeping away from that side of the family? Edit: just thought I'd throw this in here about my dad. A couple months ago he messaged my uncle, trying to get in contact claiming my grandma was sick. He worded it to make it sound like she might die. So I went to my grandma's to see her. She wasn't there, instead he was there alone. She had gone out for the day with one of my aunt's. While apparently ""very sick"". While there with my dad he told me about what has happened in his life recently. Now please bare with me, because as I'm typing this out, it honestly doesn't sound like something someone would say. He told me about how he got in a huge fight with his ex-wife (my step-mom) and even burned down the house they were. (He had a braggy tone while telling me this) he told me about how he now has supervised"
1974,"AITA for refusing to make a PSA for League of Women Voters of MA due to both political reasons and time restraints? So my video teacher is always sending my class emails about scholarship opportunities and other video contests. Today he sent an email to my class about a contest by League of Women Voters of MA which basically involves you making a 30 second add to get people to go out and vote. ""We are asking high school students to create 30-second public service announcements to motivate the vote for Massachusetts' Fall 2018 elections. We want to encourage all eligible Massachusetts citizens to make a game plan to get to the polls next fall!"" Anyways, my teacher is really pushing us to participate in this contest and mentioned it many times throughout the class to try and get students who don't have anything to produce to have something to work on. So, I decided to look into the contest and it seemed really cool getting young people involved in politics and encouraging people to get out and vote. Which I completely agree with. So I then searched the foundation that is hosting the which is the League of Women Voters of MA just to get an idea of where the foundation was politically. I agree with most of what they are doing and what they've contributed to politics but there was a few things that I found myself disagreeing with. Truth be told i'm just not interested in participating in the contest because i'm working on two other projects in said class along with me being a senior I won't have much time to work on it either compared to the other students in the class, the whole politics aspect is only a small aspect of why I don't want to do it, but I kind of feel like an asshole if I say I don't want to participate in it. The contest isn't something that the teacher is requiring students to do but really wants everyone to participate but it seems dickish of me to ditch my other group members that I work with in that class if I refuse to do it due to a few political reasons and just genuine disinterest in it. Am I the asshole? Edit; my group has agreed to not do the PSA and instead work on our current projects that we have, both our group work along with individual projects."
1975,"AITA for continuing to wash my hands in the mens restroom? I was at an AMC earlier and I watched The Shape of Water, I go to that theater every weekend and when I use the restroom there is kind of a small gap thing where the faucets, handdryers, and paper towel dispensers are. I was using the restroom after the movie and I washed my hands then started drying them with paper towels as I usually do. And I am kind of blocking the way when I stand there but in the past I always step out of the way for the guys who enter. BUT this time I am drying as usual with the paper towels and an older guy walks in and he stops and just stares at me, I step to the side even tho my hands are still wet and I wait for him to pass, but he just stands there and stares. I stand there like an idiot and wait for him to pass but he just looks at me. Feeling annoyed I just continue drying and he still watches me, like I am a fish in a bowl. Then another guy walks in after him and they both just watch me. I dry it and walk past him THEN he finally goes and does his business. Then as I am leaving I hear him and the other guy talk saying ""Man I cant believe what I just saw"" and the other guy says ""some people are just lazy"" UGH I should have walked back in there and explained to the guy that I gave him a chance but he just stood there and gawked. I mean what did he expect me to do leave the whole room with my wet hands?? So the question stands Am I the Asshole??"
1976,"AITA for telling my husband how I was personally feeling? Back story, my husbands family lives 8 hours away. We live by my family. We have argued about where we should live hundreds of times. My dad has health issues and I have horses so I want to stay here. (We also owe family a ton of money.) we have a house here and two small kids (6 months and almost 2 year old) been together 4 years married 2. We have free child care. So on to the assholeness. My FIL called and said hey I might have cancer on Saturday and need this super risky horrible surgery on my stomach. My husband and I talk about it and he wants to go down right away for an extended visit. Alright fine we can do that. It's not in the budget right now and we are low on money he knows that. But then later we are again talking about it and he talks about him going down there for 3-4 months. Alright okay maybe I can go with you, but I don't want to stay at your parents house for 3-4 months cause of the kids and I think it would be too much on your sick dad and your mom smokes in the home and that's too much for them. Then the next day talking about it again he says idk it could be a couple months maybe a year maybe two years and we would put our marriage on pause. Wait how did a couple weeks turn into a couple years?????? Marriage on pause???? Wtf I said I'll think about it. If I go I want to take at least one horse. He agrees. But I keep thinking on how bad I don't want to go. How much I hate it when I go down there. How miserable I am. How his mom is allowed to do whatever the fuck she wants with the kids cause she's his mom. How much his dad drinks. His bratty nephew who never wears clothes. How I would have no one (every time we go down there i become invisible and the girl who watches his kids.) He calls his mom to see how his dads follow up appointment went. No cancer just take these magic stomach pills and keep coming back so we can keep scoping your stomach. YAY FIL is fine! We talk about how close we were to him leaving and I say how I felt like he was abandoning us to run down there. He jumps down my throat calls me selfish and how dare I have those kinds of feelings his dad could have been dying. Now he hasn't talked to me at since that conversation. So am I the asshole for feeling like he was just going to leave us? For years?"
1977,"AITA for arguing with my partner? I’ll try to keep this short. I had a job interview today at a local bank. I was contact by a recruiter last week and we had done a phone interview. At the end of the phone interview, they told me they were doing open interviews at a nearby branch between 9-12pm and to come in during those times. He also emailed me this information to confirm it. When I got to the interview at 10pm, one of the reps said I was scheduled for 9am. I apologized for misunderstanding, as I was under the impression to show up anytime between 9 and noon. The rep said she apologized for the miscommunication and it was not a problem. After the interview I called my SO to let them know how it went. I mentioned the miscommunication thing, making a joke that maybe I shouldn’t work for a company that gives their interviewees wrong information. My SO told me that this is a standard business practice that companies do to ween people out. He said I should’ve showed up at 9am because that’s when the interviews started. I argued with him, saying that if they wanted me there at 9 I would’ve been scheduled for 9, not this whole open interview thing between 9-12. Basically the whole argument continued with him saying that all office jobs do this and that I should’ve shown up earlier, and my argument was that they should’ve told me to be there at 9, and there would’ve been no way for me to know I HAD to be there at 9 on the nose. It basically ended with both of us calling the argument there before it got worse and hanging up. But it was such a stupid argument to begin with. Am I the asshole for not just agreeing with my SO and saying “well, good to know for next time” or are they the asshole for saying “well you shouldn’t have done what you did even though it’s too late now”?"
1978,"AITA for ignoring friends phone calls? I work a couple of different jobs. One full-time and a few more a couple nights a week. Several of my friends are unemployed and will call me up at least once a day just to chat. I've told them not to call me during work hours unless it's a life and death emergency. This led to the following exchange: Me: What's up? Her: How are you? Me: Fine. What's up? Her: Everything ok? Me: Yes. What's up? Her: Ok. Because you sound upset. Me: I'm working right now. What's the emergency? Her: Just calling because I needed to vent. Do you want to call me back during your lunch? Me: I can't, I eat lunch with my boss and we're discussing business. Her: Ok. I'll call you later. Me: Just text me. Another common occurrence is the 5:01 pm phone call because they know when I leave work. Then they're shocked when I'm not on my car heading home already. When it became clear that these friends were going to just call me up at work just because they were bored, I started ignoring phone calls. That led to this exchange: After an ignored phone call she texts me, ""Call me back ASAP. 911."" I respond, ""What's the emergency?"" She calls again and I ignore it. She texts, ""Need to talk, pick up."" I write back, ""Busy now. Let me know what's going on and I'll see if I can get away to call you."" She calls again and I let it go through to voicemail. ""I can't take personal calls at work unless it's an emergency! Stop calling my phone!"" I respond. ""Call me as soon as you can..."" She replies. Another, it's gotten to the point where I can't even post on Facebook that I have a night off, because then I'll start getting texts from her, ""So I saw you're free tonight. I need groceries if you can swing by tonight and pick up some things for me, I'd really appreciate it, thanks!"" She's also an unemployed serial work hours caller. Recently one of them snapped at me saying that even outside of work hours I was very snippy on the phone (yeah, I get a few hours to read in my sweatpants and you call me up either wanting something or keeping me on the phone complaining to me for three hours) and that I was acting like an asshole. She said, ""You know, not every time I call you is an emergency. Sometimes I just want to talk to my friend."" I don't want to be a bad friend, but at the same time I want people to respect my boundaries. So when they don't, I have been snapping when I can talk. Am I the asshole here?"
1979,"AITA for being concerned about the emotional toll my depressed partner is taking on me? My partner is suffering from depression and as someone who has dealt with it in the past, I know how much it sucks and I try to be very understanding. We've talked about her getting professional help before but she's always been very reluctant to the idea. This is frustrating to me because she often tells me how much she hates herself and how depressed she is and there's nothing I can say to make it any better and this is deeply upsetting to me because I love her and hate that she's feeling this way. But it also stresses me out because I really feel like I have to tip-toe around her feelings or risk saying the wrong thing. I mean, what is one supposed to say when someone they care about constantly talks about how much they hate themselves? It leads to some awkward moments between us. Am I an asshole for thinking about how much her depression has an affect on me? Is it wrong to be concerned about the emotional toll this is taking on me when I know she can't help the way she feels?"
1980,"WIBTA if I asked my friends to chip in to come visit them? So, I'm an 18-year-old Norwegian male and for some reason, and for the last few years I've had a bunch of friends in Glasgow. All of us chat almost daily and we've developed quite a tight friendship. In late November last year, I visited them as a birthday present from my parents. It was honestly one of the best experiences in my life. Problem is that I want to go there again, during the summer. Now, this time I'm planning to pay for all of it on my own, but I looked at the number recently and it looks expensive as fuck. My thought was since I would be going to a different country just to be with my mates, I could ask them to all chip in 5-15 pounds. Would I be considered an asshole if I asked this from my mates?"
1981,"WIBTA if I Said to a Colleague, ""Yes, You Are a Prick""? What if I, for years on end, and in an open office environment, am required to listen to a colleague proudly and arrogantly condemn interstate drivers who are involved in an accident while traveling in the same direction, as he believes (since he is the absolute best of drivers and has been caught once or twice in a back up due to an accident) that no matter what (weather, mechanical failure, driver error, road condition, etc) two vehicles traveling in the same direction should never, ever, be involved in an accident. And, what if this colleague himself was involved in an interstate accident while traveling in the same direction. What if this colleague asks everyone in the office, ""Am I a prick for believing this - that drivers who are involved in an accident while traveling the same direction are morons, idiots, worthless and should never be allowed to drive again and taken behind the shed and shot, especially if I am caught in the ensuing delays cause by their ineptitude?"" Would I be an asshole if I said ""Yes, you are a prick"". Would I be an asshole if I further said, ""In fact, you are an awesome and the best of pricks because you condemn drivers for an accident without knowing all the facts. You simply cast a blanket condemnation to the point of calling death regardless of circumstance, especially when you yourself were involved in an accident while traveling in the same direction on an interstate highway."""
1982,"WIBTA If I Mentioned My Patreon To People Who Enjoy My Hentai and Voice Work? So, hi, I'm GangurOH. I'm a hentai artist and a recently practiced lewd voice actress. I've been promoting my work in various places, with great results and ratings, but I worry that it'd be wrong of me (or rather, I'd be an asshole) if I mentioned that I also have a Patreon people could support if they enjoy my work. Would I be an asshole for mentioning that I have a Patreon for supporting the lelwd things the person I'm talking to enjoys?"
1983,"AITA for arguing back with a customer? This sounds so silly now that I'm writing it out, but I really felt bad for the rest of my shift so I'm just going to get it off of my chest. I'm a bartender and we also take to-go orders during the daytime when the kitchen is open. I'm 22F and the customer I interacted with was about 55M. The customer comes in and wants to place a to go order and nothing seems unusual. When he orders, he wanted a baked sweet potato and, since we don't have those, I told him, Me: ""I'm sorry, we actually don't have baked sweet or regular potatoes--only sweet potato fries."" Customer: ""Well every time I've gotten food from here I've always gotten a sweet potato."" Me: ""I can't speak for the time before I worked here but in the two years that I've been here we have never had them, sorry! Wish we did."" Customer: ""Well I've been getting take out here once a week for over two years and I've gotten one every week but okay, whatever."" So, this guy was obviously wrong about the sweet potatoes as we have in fact never carried them. Maybe he was thinking of a different restaurant, I don't know. I didn't think that much about it. But then when I brought his food out he pulled me aside and told me that by telling him how long I worked there that I came across as very off putting and condescending. He told me that people like me are the reasons that good restaurants like the one I work at lose loyal customers. He told me my tips suffer because of my attitude. Honestly, working in a bar I should be a little more thick skinned, but I've always been the ""nice bartender."" I don't really fit in with the bar crowd and am a little more innocent (?) than the rest of the bartenders. I've never had anyone say anything about me having a negative attitude. I actually get asked daily why I'm always smiling because I really am a pretty happy camper most of the time and can at least play one as long as my shift lasts. Anyway, I'm just rambling now but it hurt my feelings but I also feel bad. I really do want people to enjoy their visits because I know people are just out trying to have a good time and maybe this guy was actually trying to be helpful but it didn't feel like a very friendly message. Should I have just dropped it after he said he always gets sweet potatoes? Was there a better way for me to go about this for when I inevitably see him again?"
1984,"AITA for using a lighter on the bus? Today I was heading into work on the bus, which wasn't too busy with maybe a dozen people on board, and was wearing an old jacket of mine that I hadn't used since Winter. I was scorunging through my pockets and found an old BIC lighter that I hadn't seen it ages that I thought was out of fluid. I held it out in front of me, and while not really thinking quickly flicked it to see if it was working, found that it was, and popped in back into my pocket. It was safe, but looking back on it was probably pretty stupid. An older man sitting on the opposite side of the aisle saw me do this and gave me a angry glare. He kept looking at me saying ""you fucking idiot..."", but I had headphones in and was scared about the possibility of a confrontation so I pretended I didn't notice until he got off a couple stops afterwards. I was a little shaken for a while after that, although I can't say for sure that was his intention. Only problem is, I know I did the wrong thing (creating an open flame in a public indoor space is idiotic), but I honestly, completely have no idea if it warranted the response. I'm having a really difficult time trying to keep this as objective as possible and obviously I don't know what was going on in his head but, ignoring the fact I am at least part asshole, am I the bigger asshole here?"
1985,"AITA for hanging exclusively with a friend group while excluding others? A few nights ago, Bryan asked my roommate Allie and I if we wanted to go check out some breweries Thursday night. We’re graduate students, and we have a small class size but didn’t end up inviting any of our other friends / classmates. This included our third roommate, Connor, and my other good friend Jamie. The next morning, I heard from Jamie because her and Connor went to hang out with some classmates who we didn’t invite to our brewery night. It turns out they both were upset with Allie, Bryan and I for not inviting them. Really, they were upset because of how we handled it. Admittedly, we didn’t do a good job of hiding our plans - we talked pretty openly about it in front of other classmates before leaving, not realizing that it came off as rude and uninviting to others around us. In hindsight, it was especially bad that on our way out of the house, Allie and I asked Connor if he could watch her dogs assuming he was staying at home. This plan wasn’t mine alone, but I feel bad that two people I especially care about were hurt that they weren’t included. AITA?"
1986,"AITA for not calling my father’s mother “Grandma”? Yesterday I shared a post that I started my first day as a paramedic student and my father’s mother replied. Here’s our interaction, I want to know if I’m the asshole, I’m really starting to think I am and I know I could’ve handled it differently. Long post I’m sorry. Father’s mother (FM): congratulations! Me: thank you (first name of FM)! 💚🎉 FM: isn’t it Grandma to you? Me: no, I haven’t called you that since I was about 7 years old. FM: you’re kidding of course! Me: I’m not - that’s around the last time I remember referring to you as anything other than (first name). FM: I have heard it since you were seven, and that’s who I am to you dear! Me: when I think Grandma, that’s my great grandmother who passed away in 2013. Though relationally that is true, we don’t have enough of a relationship for me to feel like that name is correct. It’s like how I feel with my mother’s birth mother. FM: Well thank you lady, I guess I do not know you either!! Me: I hope that something as simple as a word doesn’t hurt your feelings. I apologize if it does. FM: It does not matter if I had not seen you or ever been around you in 20 years or not I am still your grandma. You can call me grandma or call me nothing. Get It? Shortly after this she copied and pasted this exchange in a status on her Facebook, and my cousin replied “what a disrespectful little brat. Delete her Grandma!” And FM replied “thank you for taking up for me! Love you!” After seeing this I added one more comment to our original exchange: “I hope you realize that behaving in this way is only pushing me away.” Her most recent comment is this (I haven’t responded and don’t plan to): “Pushing you away? Isn't that where you are?? You called me grandma till recently. What happened? If I am not your grandma you are not my granddaughter. I do not even know you! Pushing away! Ha” We don’t have much history. I lost respect for her when I learned at a young age that my father was sitting in his bedroom with a pistol, at the age of 13 crying about wanting to kill himself. She came in his room to put his laundry down, saw what he was doing, turned around and walked away without a word (and no, she never called police or anybody else). Thankfully my dad never did it, but how he held off after his mother treated him that way I’ll never understand. She’s Jewish and I’m Christian, and I am more than supportive with her religion. When it’s Hanukkah I buy her gift from our family making sure it’s kosher and gluten free for her diet, and it’s wrapped in Hanukkah wrapping and she gets a Hanukkah card instead of a Christmas one that we send out to everybody else. Only reason"
1987,"AITA for ignoring someone when they say hi? They 'accidentally' groped me twice in the past, and I've been able to avoid them for the most part. On the few occasions we've bumped into each other they always try and be really friendly, and I always try and leave as soon as I can. The thing is, it took me a while to realize it wasn't my fault for their inappropriate actions, and whenever I see them it's hard to remember that. So, am I the asshole for ignoring them in order to protect myself?"
1988,"AITA For telling my friend not to come to me about his school related problems anymore? So me and my friends started college last semester and we are all struggling but handling ourselves pretty well except for my one friend who I’ll call Tod. Tod, unlike the rest of my friends refuses to do his work anytime before the absolute last minute then complains about it and tries to leave out that he got the assignment weeks before and it was on his syllabus. He then complains to me because generally I’m happy to listen but I couldn’t take anymore because I’m the exact opposite academically. I do everything ASAP. Generally, the conversation goes like this: Tod: “Oh man I’m so tired from doing my essay last night. The teacher didn’t give us enough time to do it” Me: “when did he give it to” Tod: “3 weeks ago. I started yesterday” To add on, he only has 3 days of classes, wasn’t working most of last semester (and now that he is he works with me, and works less hours and days than me), and generally stays up late playing league of legends. The kicker one is that he got caught plagiarizing an essay for English so instead of kicking him out, the professor gives him all winter break (5 weeks) to write a 4 page essay to replace that grade and pass the class and you know when Tod started it? 4 hours before he needed to turn it in. Then he complained to me about it which is when I told him to stop coming to me about school problems."
1989,"AITA, For letting my dog upstairs so he wouldn’t bark while my mom gave a massage treatment? So as a hobby my mom will give massages out of our backroom to her friends or friends of friends. Every time she does this though she puts our extremely hyperactive Jack Russell Terrier in the basement right below my room and he barks NONSTOP and when I mean nonstop I mean constantly, and this can go on for hours. This really annoys me for many reasons, 1. None of the guests who’ve interacted with our dogs seem to ever care at all or pay any attention to them, except for one who said she didn’t like dogs and ever since then my mom puts them in the basement. 2. I was watching a movie and our house is very old so the floors are super thin and I was hearing him bark constantly loud and clear, I have a very low tolerance for this because she also does this twice a week for a few hours for an unrelated reason. 3. If I was getting a massage I think I would find that extremely annoying, much more so than just interacting with them very briefly before and after the massage. So Im getting pissed and I decide to bring up my dog to my room, at least then he wont bark, as Im bringing him up from the basement though my moms friend arrives. My mom goes CRAZY, her friend keeps on telling her though that she doesn’t mind him at all and my mom starts acting friendly and escorts her to the room, then she gets Crazy on my again almost to the point of tears and my Dad comes home and he gets angry at me and the whole situation turns into a huge fight over the dogs. I know I’m in the wrong for bringing him up but I just can’t stand to hear him bark for so long."
1990,"AITA for calling cops on somebody smoking weed even though I also smoke weed? Background: I work at a small business-oriented hotel in a part of town that isn't the best. We're like .5 miles from section 8 government housing and we sometimes get drug addicts coming in here to try to do whatever it is they do (we've found people passed out with needles in their arms in the bathroom before). I also live in an illegal state, but I smoke weed regularly at my house/in my car in front of my house (this is relevant). Yesterday 2 guys came in that I know weren't staying here (I check almost all of our guests in, and business is very slow right now so we only have people in 5 or 6 rooms right now) and they both went right to the bathroom. Our bathroom is just a single toilet and sink so I thought it was pretty weird that they both went in there but I'm a girl and have gone into the same bathroom as my friends before so I let them be. They were in there for about 15 minutes, and I was about to go knock on the door and ask them to leave when one of our guests came down to try to use the bathroom. When the guys heard the door handle rattle they left like right after that, and I went in there to see what they were doing. There were cigarillo guts (tobacco) all over the floor and in the toilet, and there were weed flakes on the sink counter, as well as a very strong weed/smoke smell indicating they smoked a blunt. I called my boss but since they left he couldn't really do anything, and I figured they wouldn't come back because who would be that stupid? Anyway, today they both came back. One of the guys came in our side door and went right to the bathroom so I couldn't see him, and one came in the front door. I immediately told him that he needed to get his friend out of the bathroom and get off the property. They were hesitant to go but eventually they left, and they walked around our parking lot for a few minutes. I called the lady who works at the hotel next door (my boss owns both hotels) cause they were standing in between them, and we shooed them off. They took off running into the woods behind the property, and she told me to call the cops (my boss also told me to call the cops if I saw them again). So the cops got here and I gave them their descriptions and told them which way they went. I had good descriptions and the way they went is pretty straightforward, so I would guess that they wouldn't be that hard to find. So here's my issue. I'm a frequent smoker, and obvious proponent for legalization. Since I work here, I know it's my job to enforce the rules, but I feel like"
1991,"AITA for calling out my date's BS on a food preference (allergy vs. preference)? I posted this earlier to /r/TalesFromYourServer and it was suggested I post it here. Indeed, it seems this sub is made for this sort of posting... here goes: My friends set me up on a date. ""A genuinely sweet and very attractive girl"", they said. OK, it's been a few months since the big break-up, why not. We wind up at a fancy restaurant, and yes... she's very attractive. And seemingly sweet. Huh, ok... thanks guys. So we order our food, and she orders whatever, and throws in a restriction... and the waiter asks ""Is that a preference or an allergy"" to which she replies, ""It's an allergy."" ""No problem"", he says, and walks off. So I ask her about this allergy and how it must be difficult sometimes to figure out what and where you can eat... and she tells me that, in fact, it's just a preference, not an allergy, so it's never a big deal. So I ask her why she told them it's an allergy instead of a preference? It makes a big difference in the kitchen. A preference, no big deal... but an allergy? They have to thoroughly clean and/or use other pots, tools, plates, dishes... it's a huge hassle. They'll be happy to do it, but why waste their time and effort? ""Why do you care?"" she asks. Well, I care because work is work and why make someone do something unnecessary? Have you ever worked a thankless, shit job at the back of the house? This turns into more of a heated debate than you might imagine appropriate for a first date. In the midst of it, I flag down the waiter and explain that her request is not actually an allergy, just a preference. The waiter looks at her. She glares back at him. He flees the scene and returns with the chef, who's not the least bit upset... he just wants some clarification. She simply says, ""You know what, fuck this. And fuck you! (to me)"" and gets up, and storms off, never to be seen again. I apologize profusely to the chef and wait staff who are above and beyond professional and courteous. I pay for the drinks but they refuse to accept anything else. I'm not sure if I should mention the restaurant or not. It doesn't really matter and it's irrelevant; they handled it with supreme class, which is all that matters. By the time I get to my car, my phone is lighting up with texts... ""What did you do?"" ""What kind of an asshole are you?"" ""She called me, crying..."" ...and so on. For some reason, I'm the jerk here. Maybe I am, but I don't see it. In fact, I'll still argue that you don't tell a kitchen it's an allergy when it isn't. Any idiot should be able to understand the implications of that. And I'd say she completely and totally overreacted. But you know what, that's what happened. You tell me."
1992,"AITA for getting upset about my boyfriend texting his ex? Long time lurker here, finally asking for some help/advice... Some background: Last year, my boyfriend and I had this huge fight about him talking to his ex, because they were talking about their relationship when they were together, and texting at 3am, among a couple other inappropriate things. Today, while using his phone, his ex texted. (His messages pop up automatically). I asked him why they were talking again, to which he got all tongue twisted and couldn't answer me with a straight response. He said ""nothing's going on"". Okay, well if nothing is going on let me see the texts between you two...Long story short: she was texting him about her dreams of him and they are dating ""like it was in high school""-her words. (Folks, we graduated in 2004 okay, get over your high school reminiscing.) her dream consists of them having sex somewhere, they have kids, but his ""crazy ex"" comes in, etc. Not only that, but she was bringing up their past relationship any chance she could, and he went along with it. I got upset because him and I agreed last year, we weren't going to talk to our exes anymore, so why is he if ""nothing's going on?"" Anyway, he got mad at me for even thinking there is anything there and I'm just over reacting. Who is the justified asshole here, my boyfriend, or me?"
1993,"AITA for not cutting/destroying my bushes? So, there are two neighbors with whom I have have disagreements with. First neighbor has this old wooden fence that is breaking down. I offered to go half and half with them on the replacement. They said no. They want to come onto my property and remove my bushes on my side of the fence as they don't want ruin their lawn. I've said no and since then they have made no moves to fix this barely standing fence. I'm going to report it to the city as it is unkept, and their dog is literally taking chunks out of the fence. My back yard can't be used because I can't trust their dog or my dog not to bust through it. Second neighbors have this pitbull that has tried to bite me through the fence. I didn't try to pet it, and I was on my side of the fence gardening. The dog just charged me. I've never been mean to it. My dog and their dog do nothing but bark at each other. I've made it a point to try not to take my dog out when their dog is out. But, they just let their dog lose without supervision. It's limiting when my dog can be out. I caught the husband teasing my dog and teaching his daughter to do it too. I've stopped talking to these people. I started planting bushes as privacy and protection as their dog is digging under the fence. The holes are on their side of the fence. These people have done nothing to fix these holes. Then it got into our yard once, but husband still says my dog is the problem. Here is the problem. They expect me to trim my shrubs because it is poking into their side of the fence. Apparently, they want to put up a tarp on the fence line and don't want branches to poke through it. I've gotten tired of being nice. So, I've told them, as according to the law, if it's on their side they can trim it. They haven't said anything else other than bitch to other neighbors, and put up these nasty plywood boards. These boards aren't treated and will rot with the kind of moisture we get here. I'm planning on reporting these boards to the city once the rot starts. So what is the verdict? Am I the asshole?"
1994,"AITA for not liking a coworker who called me his puppy? A little back story: I work retail, it isn’t the best job in the world but it’s a job I do enjoy but that’s for another time. About 6 months ago I was stocking some inventory that was shipped earlier that day so I decided to stocked them. Not wanting to leave a mess on the floor or anything I decided to throwaway the card board box—small Hillman boxes—in the trash can. The gentleman got upset with me and pulled me aside and insisted “we recycle.” Now I am all for recycling and going green, but he treated me like dirt that I was trying to get underneath his skin that I enjoy “fucking with [him].” Granted, we haven’t always seen eye to eye. Everyone in the store I have a very open personality, and I have been told I do overstep peoples boundaries. To which, he has reported me to HR. I apologized, he apologized. And we set aside our difference. That was 6 months ago. But it still irks me. Idk. Should I forgive him and move on, or should I confront him that he got underneath my skin? Or am I just an asshole for allowing this grudge to resonate inside me?"
1995,"WIBTA if demote my maid of honor? I’m getting married in 2.5 months and am currently on my way back home from my bachelorette party. All of my friends had a great time, got along great, and made sure I had a great time.... except for my “best friend”, the maid of honor. During the bachelorette weekend, the MoH was constantly picking at me and everyone else and pretty much refused to say anything that wasn’t a sarcastic/snide/rude comment. This culminated two nights ago when I had had enough and told her (a bit snappily) that I’d appreciate it if she would be nicer to me and everyone else. She yelled, “Fuck you, you fucking bitch,” stormed out, and left early. The day we all had together after she left was honestly the best day of the whole trip. Our relationship has always been.... odd. We’ve been friends for twelve years, making her my oldest friend by one year. We’ve had multiple discussions about how draining her negativity is on me and (on her side) how I need to deal with her sarcasm better. We’re typically fine over the phone and have had a long-distance friendship for five years, but almost every time we’ve hung out in person for the last couple of years, I’ve been getting progressively more miserable. Which is unfortunate, because she knows almost everything about my family situation, career path, etc. and I enjoy discussing our lives. But she also gets jealous when I hang out with my other friends or talk about my fiancée, which is weird. Anyway, after she blew up at me and has not been even a little bit helpful in the wedding-planning process, I’m seriously considering either demoting her or removing her from the bridal party altogether. I’d replace her with who I think is my actual best friend- a girl who I’ve been friends with for 11 years and has always been kind and supportive. Of course, I am going to call my current MoH to try to understand her side of the story, because I honestly have no idea what it is. So with that said, WIBTA for demoting my MoH? (Side note: I apologize if this is difficult to read. I am not fully awake yet.) UPDATE: It's been over a year. This conflict ended our friendship entirely, and honestly... It's been the best year of my life."
1996,"AITA for not wanting to live with my friends girlfriend? So im currently a student in a city and i live in an appartment with 3 good friends. Its a kinda small place so we're probably gonna move to a bigger appartment over the summer. However one of my friend has recently gotten a girlfriend (5 months) and he asked if she could move in with us in the bigger appartment after the summer. They will split their room thus paying half the rent. The thing is, I see red flags everywhere and dont know how to say it / getting him to realize it. She has treated him like shit on multiple occasions (i.e. getting drunk and hanging up on him, ignoring him) but he just laughs it off with a lame excuse. Shes also kind of a controllfreak over him, telling him what to do. They talked about getting their own appartment but her reasoning to live with us instead is that its easier to tell her parents that she will live with her BF and his friends, not just her BF. Which i think is bs, she's over 20 years old. Also if they break up my friend can stay in the room and dont have to pay for an entire appartment. She has also never lived outside her parents house. I think its easier said than done to move in with 4 older guys who play videogames all night, smoke some occasional herbs and dont keep a super tidy place. So thats some of the reasons. I dont think we can live in the same house for a long period of time without disaster. I've already told my friend the mild version of this text, but dont know what to say. Am i the asshole, reddit?"
1997,"AITA for coasting to red lights while driving with other people behind me? I do think this a lot. It's to save gas and wear on the brakes. I have never had to replace my brakes and after years they're still fairly new condition. Everyday I see people speeding towards the red light and I have to wonder why. It's a waste of gas and you don't gain any time. People will overtake me and accelerate 100 meteors to gain a car length. Boggles ny mind. Let me make this clear, I don't do this excessively. When I coast my car is still going at a decent enough speed to carry itself to the lights. If I start from a green light and there's another red light a couple hundred meters away, I will not speed up towards it. It does make sense accelerating from a red light to 70 kph only to hit the visibly red light a couple hundred metres away."
1998,"AITA for sticking to my story, when others point out evidence against it? I was involved in an automobile accident at a traffic light. I thought the light was green, so I maintained speed through the intersection. However, the driver, his passengers (none in my car), and a witness on the street said he had the green light. I kept my story that I *thought* I saw a green light when talking to the police and insurance. Insurance is investigating, and there was a police report filed (with mine, the witness's, and the other driver's statements). I'm fully willing to accept liability, but I'm feeling pressure from the other driver because he needs his car for Uber/Lyft work. So, reddit, am I the asshole?"
1999,"AITA for Wanting an Apology? So this is a bit of a long story so I'll try to keep it short and answer any questions you may have afterwards. So some information you may need to know to make an accurate judgement is that I'm 19 years old, work part time and go to college full time, and still live with the parents for the time being. So earlier today my parents told me to clean my room, which was a bit of a mess, and I complied. Once, as I was going to the laundry room back to my room I sat down on the couch in the living room to pet the family dog for a minute. In the time being, my dad happened to mop the hallway leading from the living room, where I was, to my room. So, with my mother sitting on the couch next to me, I asked if it would be ok if I could sneak into my room to finish cleaning it. My father said no, but he said it in a bit of sarcastic tone of voice and my mother laughed. I thought that maybe I was missing something, I was just trying to check to see if walking back to my room would cause too much of a mess on a newly cleaned floor. So, thinking that my dad wasn't being entirely serious I tried to take large steps to my room to leave as little dirt as possible and in the process I fell on my back. The first thing I heard after hitting the ground was my dad saying that I was an idiot. My mom and sisters did try to see if I was ok though. So, I got up, and told my dad that it was kind of rude for him to be so mean and asked for an apology. I pointed out that if I had said the same thing to him or my mother, I would be in big trouble and likely would have been slapped. My mother stepped in and defended him, telling me to get over it and she mocked me in the following conversation. It all ended with me going to my room. An hour or so later, I was doing homework when my parents tried to get me to go with the gym with them, which I had twice earlier in the week. I told them I would like to get my schoolwork done instead. They did not like this and the thing soon escalated into an argument and the previous falling event came up again. I still wanted an apology, and I still never got one. It ended with me being called several curse words by my mother and her trying to justify their actions by saying that they've done a lot for me, which is true. In the moment, I tried to undermine their argument, but ended up saying that they hadn't done much for me. The argument only escalated from there and my mom proceeded to slam my door,"
2000,"Aita for kicking these people out of the ensemble. In about October of last year my band teacher told all of us that we would have to perform a piece of music with our respective group of instruments, and that the performance would count as our midterm grade. Now, about three and a half months on, we have had ample time to learn how to play this quite elementary piece of music. There are two people who, instead of using the multiple days in class we’ve had to work, messed around all semester, and now they are barely able to play beyond 30% of the music without error. A few days ago I texted the main person who was distracting the rest of the ensemble, and in the text told him, to step it up and practice his music, and learn how to do what he said he was going to do three or so months ago. He proceeded to call me, and everyone else in the ensemble, both of the c-words, and call us “fat-asses, who don’t understand how smart he is.” It sounds like something straight out of r/iamverysmart. The whole point for this whole build up, is to ask if I’m the asshole, or aita, for saying that he is not going to play with us on the midterm."
2001,"WIBTA if I ordered pizza after snow? I could really go for some pizza right now but the delivery is in the next town and it's been snowing, WIBTA if I ordered it for delivery?"
2002,"AITA for giving the guy half the money he wanted. This story just happend. I bought two used guitar holders from a guy on eBay. He gave me the holders, I asked him if it was 5€, he was confused for a moment but said yes. I just left his place and checked the offer again and there stand he wanted 10€. Am I the asshole for giving him just half of the money he wanted even though it wasn't on purpose?"
2003,"AITA for my sister denting a car So for many of us, the college spring semester has begun, so we community college students are getting ready to do the commute. Currently where I live it's a winter wonderland. So me and my sister go out to the car and she asks me to clear off a window or two, I can't remember now if it was multiple or just mine, it was ambiguous at the time at that's important. So after not clearing off my window, she begins to back out and and claims she couldn't see when she backs into her boyfriend's white car, claiming she couldn't see and blames me for cleaning the window despite the lack of any sort of brush or scrape. She begins to scream at me claiming it's my fault and countless other insults due to family conflict. I don't feel in a clear state of mind to think this through at the moment as it's still fresh. So, AITA? Edit 1: with where the car was in relation to us, it was on her side, offset about 30 degrees and not directly behind us. Edit 2: the window she apparently looked through and got into the accident with has ice on it hours later, granted, most of it is melted. whether or not it was all ice at the time is a grey area to me. But I would think it was mostly ice at the time."
2004,"AITA For being upset my boyfriend texted my boss? Backstory: I work for a local pop-up with a hard but kind chef, and we had an event an hour and fifteen minutes away from home yesterday. It ended up that my boyfriend (also in the food industry), his business partner and the partners girlfriend needed to be in the same place a little later for a party. I offered to drive them and be the DD on the way home. I had planned to leave the house by 3:30 and drive to the destination which left a buffer time of ~15min to get to work on time. I told them all this in the morning and 3:15 rolls around and come to find out we still need to drop the partners gf’s dog at puppy sitters across town. I say I’m leaving at 3:30 for our destination with or without them so I am not late, two minutes later they say they are ready so I finish my eyeliner and we go to take off. Turns out I misunderstood what ready meant, they meant ready to drop the dog off and leave from there, I thought they meant ready to leave for our destination. Anywhosal, I’m fuming because now I know I’m late, I really love my boss and want her to succeed and my being even 10 minutes late will stress her and put us behind. I didn’t act my best self in this moment to those in the car but I texted my boss I would be late due to unforeseen traffic and left it at that. I’ll take my lumps for misunderstanding since there was nothing to be done. The issue is: What I found out at the end of service from my boss was that my boyfriend texted my boss explaining the real situation and took blame. I told her I had not known and she told me she knew I didn’t know because I didn’t seem like I needed a man to send my late text for me. When I went to pick them up I was exhausted and upset. I smiled at the party but as we were leaving I pulled him aside to figure out if maybe it was a miscommunication and when I heard “be sure to text her” it was really “ I’ll text her”. He told me no, he didn’t ask, he just sent it. When I was upset by this he retorted that he had been in the industry longer and something along the lines of he’s a boss so he knows how upset she will be by my lateness. I dropped it because I could tell we were not getting to the bottom of it that night and did not feel like fuming for the entire drive home. Am I the asshole for still being upset and (I haven’t yet) revisiting the disagreement this morning? I feel treated like a child, as a boss myself in a different seasonal industry, I don’t care what the late excuse is unless it’s"
2005,"AITA for not wanting my personal cell called for business calls? Let me preface by giving some general information: I do not have a business cell, or get paid anything for a cell allowance. I am a salaried worker, and I do encourage my managers to call me if I am at home and they come across a problem they can't solve. My phone number is available on the list of all employees contact information, but not posted out in the open for anyone to have. I let my employees know if they try to text me for a general store issue (like being sick, trading shifts, or something any manager can handle) that it isn't appropriate to call me at home, they need to call the store and talk to the manager in charge. I am the manager of a retail store, and my store has an independent vendor who leases space within our sales floor, but is a completely separate business. On to the incident. Today we are having a 'wintry mix' of weather, which naturally for our area means the apocalypse. Schools are closed, announced last night when it was still 50° out, and though there was no issue with roads and it hadn't even dropped below freezing when I drove to work, all the news stations are crying DOOM! I have been at work for about 2 hours when my cell phone goes off. It is not a saved contact, so I ignore it until a few minutes later I see there is a voicemail. It is one of the employees (Not the manager) of the vendor area asking if we will be open. I am not near a store phone, and we haven't opened yet, so I call back on my cell. Right off the bat I assure her that I got in with no problem, there aren't any road issues, and we are opening. Then I let her know that this was my personal cell phone and in the future it would be better for her to call the store first. She starts arguing and says that she had my number handy and not the store's number. I said I understand that, but if I had not been working that day I most certainly would have still been asleep, and this was still very early in the morning. She argues that her boss gave her my number and said call me in the event of a disaster, and gets huffy when I point out that there is no disaster, and I would still appreciate it if she didn't call my personal cell. She says that I need to tell her manager that because that's not what she was told. I agree and hang up. The employee comes in when their shop opens, and soon after gets on the phone with her boss, loudly complaining about me. I am a few aisles over working, and when I realize the subject of her loud rant is me I listen in. From the sound of it her boss simply"
2006,"AITA for suggesting my friend break his ""lease"" Faux Greentexting it to make it a bit easier to read Im 25 Y/o Male My Friend (George) is 34 His Ex (Diane) is early 30's -I have a pushover friend, lets call him George - George Wants to move because of bad landlord situation -Current living situation at this point: He lives 5 mins from work, and has a quite a few things to do after work such as ballroom dancing and board games night, he has many other options for appt complexes and friends in the area to move in with -instead he decides to move in 1 hour away from his work With his ex girlfriends mom, to save her mortgage on the condition that he can get a ride to work everyday from his Ex girlfriend lets call her Diane (He was still fawning over Diane at this point and he also doesnt have a car mind you) -Things go to shit real fast, Promises were broken, and life gets tough for George pretty frequently, he also really isnt fond of Dianes mother -Fast forward to today, Diane no longer takes George to work very often and he has to rent a car just to get to work costing him quite a bit of extra cash, he is now seeing his ex as a worse option, but complains about the prospect of being ""perpetually alone"" He has told me hes miserable and that he hates where he lives and he is ""looking forward to August when his lease is up"" -They never signed an actual lease agreement, and Diane broke her side of the bargain -I tell him he has to leave and come back to where he was living initially before his life can get any better -George tells me ""I made a promise and I'm not going to break my side of the agreement, that would make me an asshole"" Any other questions you need answered please ask, appologies if this isnt proper, as i am a rather new reddit poster Also relevant is he the asshole in his situation?"
2007,"AITA for the way I park? At my school we have no parking designated for students. And what is around there is very limited without paying or getting a ticket. So any way I always park with around 6 inches of extra room in front of me so that way I have room to get out of in between the cars. So, am I the asshole?"
2008,"AITA for wanting my girlfriend to get a job? We have been dating for nearly 4 years. We are both in high school (senior year) and she has never had a job, all of our friends have a job and she will be going to college for a bio degree. Her parents have money and are paying for her college so she isn't required to get a job. I feel it's important to have a job before college so you can have work experience of some kind. This isn't about me being ""upset"" about paying for things, I don't care about the money more so about her being good and ready to take on the world and have experience before she graduates college and her future employer will be like ""You're almost 30 and have never had a job?"""
2009,"AITA/WIBTA for calling in noise complaints on my upstairs neighbors and possibly talking to residence life about further steps to be taken? I live in a dorm building and the same guys have lived above me since August. They are incredibly loud. Like, i can clearly hear their conversations from my room and when they watch tv i feel like im watching with them. At first i thought the walls were just thin, but I've spent a lot of time talking with my friends down the hall whose rooms are next to each other, and I've come to realize this is not the case. These guys are just LOUD. At first, when they started being loud, i went up there and knocked. They refused to answer the door, so I left a note saying i could hear their conversations and tv clearly, and asking if they could try to be quieter. When that didn't work, i called residence life and made a noise complaint. This was all in September and since then, I've probably called in 5 noise complaints on these guys and gone up there several times more (to have them, again, not answer the door). Last night, their TV literally shook my bed and i called in. As soon as the res life person left, they turned it up louder. I get that living in close proximity to others comes with challenges, and more times than not, i just let the noise go if it's not crazy. But its getting ridiculous. I'm thinking about going in and talking to reslife about the issues these guys are causing. Am I an asshole? TL;DR: neighbors are wildly loud at all hours of the day and night, dont answer when i knock on the door and leave notes, have called reslife several times and nothing is getting better. Considering further action."
2010,AITA for getting mad at gf for wanting to go clubbing with a guy she just met My girlfriend and I are in a LDR. But won't be moving to where she is until this weekend. She went to a free salsa class today. Where she had tequila. She called me up. Said she was a bit drunk already. And asked if it was okay that she go clubbing with a guy she just met at the class who asked her out. It would be just them. For her clubbing is a social thing. She doesn't see it as a big deal. At this point I flipped out. I know she hasn't done anything yet. But the fact that she didn't know this was something that was not okay. How could she not at least be aware that this dude may be flirting with her. It kind of pissed me off. I feel like I'm the asshole in this.
2011,"AITA for getting angry at my boyfriend for bullying a kid in his college class? I'm 21, he's 23. We've been dating for about 7-8 months. We met through a mutual friend and we've been together since. He's been nothing but amazing and great to me, and we usually never fight. While we were on a date, David (my boyfriend) was trying to tell me a funny story about some kid in his class who has no friends and it somehow got into how he and his friends tease this kid by pretending he doesn't exist, making fun of him when he asks questions in class, and saying things like ""you're like the loner kid"" if anyone else does anything awkward or annoying. This is to his face. I'm not in this class, but apparently this has been going on for a few years. David told me that the guy in his class doesn't laugh at the jokes, so I'm just assuming that he doesn't find it amusing at all. I got extremely angry at David and told him that he needs to apologize. He refused to do so in person, so he composed an apology note in five minutes and sent it to the guy on FB. I was really proud of David for acknowledging how wrong he was to bully someone (especially at this age) until he showed me the apology. He apologized for ""not getting to know 'the loner' better"" and that he was sorry for ""being immature and poking fun"" at him. He also stated qualities he liked in the kid, such as his work ethic and creativity to ask questions. I was really annoyed at this apology because it was extremely rushed and he just wanted to get it over with. It felt like he was minimizing his actions by saying he was just poking fun at the loner for years. I've asked my friends, and they agreed with me that it was a shitty apology - but at least he apologized. As someone who's been bullied before, I just put myself in his shoes and I absolutely would not accept it because it just felt disingenuous. We argued over what a proper apology should be. I told him he needed to address his behavior better. David said wrote the apology based on what he would want in one, but I can't help but feel like he doesn't feel that sorry... especially since in all those years he never thought about how the other guy would feel - and especially since he was so apprehensive about apologizing in the first place because he didn't want to look stupid. I really can't tell if I'm the asshole in this situation. Part of me feels like I am, and I'm just projecting my anger from when I was bullied. Since they're all adults, they should be able to handle it themselves right? And David already apologized, so I'm making a bigger deal about this than it needs to be since I kept badgering David. But at the same time,"
2012,"AITA for being sick of my friend? So, me and my friend are both 15. We've been friends since third grade on and off and we're both in 10th grade now. I enjoy being with him, but me being an introvert, I rarely take initiative. Another thing is that he wants to voice chat/talk on the phone so damn much and I absoloutely HATE voice chat and phone calls. Even ordering a pizza is too much for me. So I rarely answer them. One time I answered he wanted to go ding-dong-ditching with another friend of ours. I think ding-dong-ditching is so childish. Keep in mind, we're both 15. I told him that I didn't want to and he began accusing me of 'not wanting to go outside' and after a bit of back and forth, I decided to just end the phone call there. I hated that. Sometimes, we chat online via text. Thing is, he sucks at chatting. Here's a recent exchange we had: Him: ""We aren't working during we weekend, are we"" (Work experience week) Me: ""No, no worries"" Him: ""I think you should work during the weekend"" Me: ""Why? xD"" Him: ""You're good at it"" Me: ""I've got enough with five days with kids!"" (I worked in a kindergarten) Me: ""AND the kindergarten is closed during the weekend xD"" No response from him. That was just a mild example of how much he sucks at conversations. He never uses emojis, I do, and he never really talks about anything. That example was an exception, but even then he barely did anything. When we're in school, he's always so physicall. Always joking around, hitting your shoulder, pushing you (I'm not out as trans mtf to him, it's normal for two guys to do that kind of thing in school here) and I'm getting tired of it. It's so childish in my mind. I want to grow up, I'm excited for high school (Norwegians start high school in grade 11) and I have a kinda plan of what I want to do. He does not. He procrastinates homework regularely and he barely delivered his application for his work experience job in time. He's immature and irresponisble. I'll probably never come out to him as mtf trans because he's so oblivious to LGBT in general. AITA for thinking like this..? Tl;dr: Friend who sucks at chatting and is always playfully physicall is driving me insane and I want to leave him behind during high school"
2013,"AITA for calling my mom a bitch after she victim blamed me for my rape? Today my mom and I started arguing over #MeToo and I finally told her I’d been raped by my ex boyfriend and that’s why it’s so personal to me. She immediately started asking me how I’d put myself in that situation, why I didn’t just leave, why I didn’t call the police, how I provoked him. Answers for posterity: at the time, I didn’t drive, I was at his house, and I was scared of calling my parents and telling them I was having sex. When I told my ex he had raped me and it was fucked up, he flipped his shit and accused me of wanting to falsely accuse him and ruin his life because obviously as his girlfriend I’d consented forever and always. I didn’t want to be THAT woman who cries rape so I never reported. As for how I provoked him? By not wanting to have sex when he did I guess. I was infuriated that she was blaming me for my own assault and called her a bitch. Now she’s furious at me and I’m a horrible, ungrateful daughter. I know that you shouldn’t call your own parent a bitch but I can’t help but feel like she’s not blameless here either. But her acting so hurt by my words is making me feel guilty."
2014,"AITA for not wanting to meet my mom's friend? My mom lives on the other side of the state and we don't see each other often. I love my mom and I love it when she visits. For the record I'm 27F and my mom is 52 if that makes any difference. My mom is much more charismatic than I am and has a lot of friends and a great social circle. Mostly this only comes up when I go visit her. My personality is much the opposite, I don't really enjoy large groups and I'm not able to be myself around strangers. I have a lot of anxiety. When I go visit her I sometimes get dragged to events she had already agreed to go to and usually feel really uncomfortable since I don't know anyone but my mom, but I get through them okay. In the past few weeks I've been super down and stressed out, and I was really really looking forward to my mom coming to visit me tonight (Friday) and staying overnight until Saturday. We usually have a nice time and I can talk to her about what I'm going through and she tells me about her life and we just have a great mother-daughter bonding sesh. Today she sprung on me that she was bringing a friend. She didn't ask, just said ""I'm bringing a friend who wants to check out apartments in [town that is 30 minutes away from mine] because she is moving there. Also she has a hotel voucher so we'll be staying overnight at [local hotel]."" Basically instead of getting 1 on 1 time with my mom, I feel like I'm going to end up the third wheel for the whole weekend with someone I don't even know. Instead of doing mother-daughter stuff and hanging out at my place they'll be doing stuff the friend wants to do. And on top of it I can't talk to my mom about the shit I'm going through because some stranger will be there and I can't be myself. I told my mom that I was really hoping for some time with just the two of us, and her response was ""We can still have dinner together."" So I doubled down and said that I was actually really disappointed because this wasn't at all what I wanted for this weekend and that I wish she had asked me. She hasn't responded since and now I'm second-guessing myself. Am I being an asshole? Should I just have grinned and beared it? **TL;DR** My mom invited a friend to come with her on what I thought was a Mother-daughter weekend visit and I told her I was disappointed and that she ruined my expectations for the weekend. She hasn't responded since and I feel like I may have fucked up. ***Edit to Add*** https://imgur.com/a/4IkAp these are the screenshots with exactly what we said in case anyone wants to see them."
2015,"WIBTA If I Went To A Gyro Place For Lunch Today And Paid For My $5-$6 Meal With Quarters? I need an answer kinda fast here, y’all. I’m probably leaving in an hour or so. I go to this place probably once a month for lunch and I know my order is always $5.77 but I don’t have any cash on me and I don’t want to put the purchase on my card. But I am sure that I have at least $6 in quarters in my car right now. And I mean it still is legal currency... Also I’m planning on going through the drive thru if that makes a difference."
2016,"AITA for touching someone's laundry? There's two washers for a large apartment complex. One lady was using both to do multiple loads of laundry. I could see she was on her last two loads, and the washers had been finished for at least a half hour. I needed to do a load of laundry, so I took her finished clothes out of one washer and put it on top of the other washer (the surface was clean) then started my load. She came in and yelled at me not to ever touch her clothes. I said, ""Sorry."" What is the proper etiquette in this situation? Should I have just waited? Some residents will leave clothes in the washer for over 2 weeks and they get moldy. This happened a few times because no one wanted to touch other people's stuff. I eventually moved it and cleaned out the washer."
2017,"AITA for starting the washing machine too early and waking up my friend? My friend Sally just moved states and is staying with me until she finds an apartment. She has only been staying with me one week. I put in a good word for her at my job and she got hired night shift. She did her first night shift last night and this morning she got home and was asleep. Well she is staying in my one bedroom apartment and I have a toddler who is up bright and early. I’m a single mom and his dad comes over sometimes. She knew all of this. This morning my son had a poop mess in his diaper that got on his clothes so I started the wash. I kept it very quiet, lights off. This woke her up and she was screaming at me about how I don’t respect her and I’ve been pushing her boundaries since day one. (Not sure how really but she said it) my sons dad came over and she was upset and told me also that I lied to her that my “piece of shit baby daddy” didn’t live there. (He doesn’t live there but he visits because he lives 15 min away) this was all within the same breath. She was so irate that I woke her by starting the washing machine. I told her I had too, or his clothes would be ruined. She also said “I’m sick and tired of hearing about the baby as an excuse” am I out of line for asking her to leave? She has no where to go. What do I do? Also am I the asshole?"
2018,"AITA for asking to get paid? I work for a small (4-6 full-time employees at any moment) biotech company. I originally started as an intern (technically, still am, despite having completed all my requirements to graduate). 2 months into my internship I was asked to take the lead on writing Grants and Manuscripts for the company. I graciously accepted as I thought it would be very good experience to have upon finishing my time here & if I choose to pursue Graduate School, PhD or otherwise. I completed the first submission in about 2 months and submitted in mid-October. Since then I have completed a fresh Manuscript for Publication, but it's currently ""in review"" by my PI (also the CEO), and not published yet. In December I began writing a R01 collaboration with a nearby University, and that submittion will be rolling around come Feb. My total contributions to the company totalling ~$250,000 in project acquisition, not including my labor costs, also not including an SBIR I plan to submit in April for $150K. Throughout this whole process I have only been getting paid $125 BiWeekly stipends, and for about the last two months $250 stipends. I guess my question now is, Am I The A-Hole (AITA) for asking to get paid for what I do? I've technically now finished my internship, but my PI is pushing off my ""graduation"" because he ""hasn't had time to get around to it"". I've got student loans to pay, among other bills, and would like to live off of more than just ramen now, but I'm not sure what's a reasonable amount to ask for my services? Average Full-Time Grant Writers make ~$28 an hour, Average entry-level Research Scientists make ~$38 (Google based estimates). 'Senior Staff' in this lab are making ~$17 an hour, so I'm afraid to ask for much more than that, but... Thoughts? TL:DR Am I an A-Hole for asking to get ~$20 an hour to split my time (9 hour shift = 6 hours Lab Work & 3 hours Grant/manuscript writing). What's reasonable? Are there factors I'm not considering? Thanks for reading this wall of text! Have a great weekend!"
2019,"WIBTA for directly telling someone to stop talking to me? Okay first off I realize this sounds like a middle school problem. We are both 30-something lawyers. Years ago this woman and I became really close friends and were influential in each other’s lives. I got a little burned by some of her actions just a few months into the friendship and put some distance between us but remained cordial, and got into a more extreme niche of one of our shared hobbies (whitewater kayaking). A year or two later she reached out to me and started getting closer again and ended up initiating a romantic relationship with me and asked me to introduce her to my circle of friends and take her kayaking on whitewater which had previously been a point of divergence for us. After meeting all of my whitewater friends, she continued to escalate our relationship for a little while but then abruptly dropped me to date one of my good friends, without giving me the courtesy of a clear breakup - she just stopped calling and texting out of the blue one day, and a little while later I heard through other friends that she was attached to my other friend at the hip and spreading negative rumors about me. So naturally at that point I wanted to sever ties with her, but whitewater is a pretty niche sport and there are only a few dozen people involved in my city so I was faced with the choice of either continuing to see her all the time, or just going to other regions to paddle. So I chose the latter, and just stayed on rivers that were above her skill level, and made a bunch of friends in other regions. And of course she followed me. At some point she would just start approaching me in front of other friends, hundreds of miles from home, and trying to start conversations with me. A few times over the years I explicitly told her in person and by text that I don’t consider her a friend, but she keeps trying to talk to me. I literally can’t get away from this girl even by driving out of state. It’s bizarre. At some point a couple years ago I decided that I was stuck with her and might as well just make the best of it, after all she is kind of fun to hang out with and does most of the same things I like to do, so reluctantly I started spending time with her for a while and it was nice to have someone local to bike ride and kayak with. This went on for a few weeks until one day when I was just starting to feel comfortable I made some comment about how comfortable we used to be with each other, and she abruptly told me, essentially, that she had never been into me in the first place and the whole thing was always just a matter of convenience to her and why do I keep acting"
2020,"AITA for not apologizing? i got into an argument with my brother which resulted in a physical fight. He had asked me to go downstairs to pick up some laundry (basket full of clothes). i went down, got my stuff and went back to my room upstairs. A few minutes pass and he's screaming at me to come down to get my clothes, i went down and told him not all of it was mine but i had gotten mine out of there. He goes through it and finds a pair of shorts that are mine and starts getting more upset telling me i didn't check. He then pulls out some pair of boxers and tells me they're mine except i know for a fact that they're not mine and are actually his. i tell him they're not mine and he starts getting more upset telling me they are. i tell him to lose the attitude because there is no need to get so upset over such a small issue. He starts freaking out telling me he's not giving me attitude and his voice starts getting raised so i start raising mine as well. We start arguing about it and start screaming, he gets increasingly loud and gets really close to me to the point where his face is maybe an inch away. i kept telling him to relax but he keeps screaming and getting in my face so i push him and get closer and grab his wrists. i train martial arts wrestling/jiu jitsu so i wanted to take him down and just restrain him because i genuinely believed he was going to try and hit me (he has before and i've only hit back once, though that was before i started training) There was a couch and a wall behind him so i couldn't take him down right away like i'd like to so he starts punching me. that's when my mom came downstairs to try to split us up. i ended up taking him down and laying on side control and kept telling him to relax, he's pulling my hair and punching me the entire time. my mom kept freaking out so i ended up just getting up while he kept trying to kick me in the face while he's laying down and ends up kicking my mom in the face. just for the record i never punched him once, never smacked him, never slapped him, i didn't want to hurt him i just wanted to restrain him. we end up screaming at each other for a few minutes until i walked away and went upstairs. The night it happened i felt terrible. I felt like an idiot for letting my emotions get the best of me and having let the argument get to the point of violence. While he was the one being disrespectful i was the first one to lay hands by pushing him, though at the time i did think he was going to hit me too. The more i think about it now the less"
2021,"WIBTA for publicly calling out a friend for giving out my cell number? This morning I got a phone call from a number I didn't recognise. It turned out to be a gym that a friend of mine (Jane) had just signed up to and they wanted to know if would be interested in joining. I was not. I privately messaged Jane to ask if she had given out my number to the gym and she said yes, that she's sorry, but that she got a discount for referring 10 friends when she signed up. I told her to never give out my phone number again unless she had my permission. She didn't reply. This evening Jane posted a selfie on Instagram with the caption ""The gym said they'd give me a discount if I recommend then 10 people so I gave them the numbers of Tinder fuckbois in my phone #sorrynotsorry"" I am a girl that used to work with Jane. I am not a 'fuckboi'. The fact that she posted that means she knows that giving the gym those numbers would be opening those people up to being harassed by the gym. WIBTA for commenting and calling her out on her bullshit on Instagram?"
2022,"WIBTA: Answering a family members phone? Let me explain. It's currently 630 am here. I have a lot of family from out of town visiting and in the bedroom across the hall (through a closed door), a cell phone is ringing. And has been ringing (with the occasional FB video messenger ring as well) for over an hour. I'm a light sleeper because of a new baby, and this ringing is driving me mad. In the time I started counting, I have heard at least 50 (no exaggeration) calls come through. Family member is sleeping hard with the assistance of some moonshine, so they are not answering it. He likes to talk to crazy women (his specialty) and someone has to be especially crazy to keep calling and calling, over and over. It's getting on my nerves at this point and I'm tempted to answer his phone to tell whatever crazy he's talking to to stop freaking calling right now because obviously he's not answering. Would I be the asshole?"
2023,AITA for going to work on Saturday without saying anything to my parents? This happened about an hour ago. I live at home. My parents went to take my dog out for a walk around 11:30. I went out to do some work for a family friend at 12:00. I didn't mention that I was going to work because I didn't think it would matter. I'm a grown up. Sometimes I'll be home and sometimes I'll be out. I start working and my mum calls me complaining that they're locked out. Neither of them took their house keys. I'm 20 minutes drive away. My sister had to drive round and unlock the house for them. So my question is am I an asshole for not letting them know I was going out? I could have came or gone at any moment and I think BOTH of them should have taken their house keys.
2024,"AITA for having sex with my ex who has a relationship? my ex and i graduated from higschool 4 months ago. we separeted then because we were moving out to different cities. we had a vacation at the same time so we got together again, had a few drinks and started to get close. she then told me about her new boyfriend wich she told she loved so much etc. just as i was thinking 'well shit i'm not getting it tonight' she holds my hand so i decide to go for it. I said ""i want to kiss you but i don't want you to cheat on anybody"" she said ""i want you to kiss me"" so i did. i kinda feel bad for her boyfriend. am i the asshole?"
2025,"AITA for threatening someone? So I am in 11th grade and recently I joined this new ""investment"" club where we do fundraisers. The president of the club decided to host one a store early in the morning, as soon as I got there he was a no-show and only my friend and I showed up. After we sent our complaints and frustrations to him, he claimed he had a family emergency. This was 2 hours after we left the store, he made a very bad first impression. On Tuesday, we had a meeting and he told us to sign our names on the paper, but when he saw his friends come in through the door, he tosses the sign-in sheet away. He didn't want his friends to join him. One week later he decides to host another today, but canceled it as soon as I walked out of my bathroom ready to go. He texted me saying that we have one tmrw, but I said that I have church at the time and he tells me to come after church. I cannot trust him at this point, so we get into an argument. He starts calling me names and saying that colleges will not accept me and I got really pissed off. I threaten him saying that I will turn him into a bloody pulp and he starts being really sarcastic about my academics and how I am not a student colleges want. He starts aggravating me and brings up his dad and says that he is the victim. He believes that I am nothing but a whiner and that I cannot see the good side of volunteering in his club. (Here is how it works: I go in for 2 hours at a fundraiser, he signs in 4 hours. It's double the time for lack-luster work and I don't think colleges will buy that.) Soon I calm down and I ask if I can trust him, he says, ""We will see right?"" I cannot accept that and ask him for a yes or no, he says, ""If you want hours the doors are wide open. Remember the choice is yours, which colleges looks at"" I'm still not satisfied with this answer, but I apologize for threatening him. My friend joins the group chat and starts to slam him for his lack of understanding how important our trust is to him and for canceling the fundraisers twice. They start to get into an argument and the president still thinks he is justified for his actions. He doesn't care about how we feel and mocks us. He then claims that I didn't tell him about coming to the fundraiser this weekend and forgets about the meeting we had on Tuesday. We both get angry and the president resorts to copying our text and mocking us with them. He strongly believes that he is the right and we are in the wrong. My friend calls him names and I can see that the president cannot handle his leadership. The president then starts mocking my"
2026,"AITA The Tale of 2 Girls So, at the beginning of December this one girl started acting interested in me. Let's call her F. We talked quite a bit, but she always seemed to be more interested in me than I was with her. She invited me to a ""party"" with a couple of our mutual friends. At this party was a girl that I had been crushing on for about 3 months, let's call her D. D was awfully flirty with me at this ""party"" touching me and overly laughing at my terrible jokes. After the party most everyone had left except for me and F. She started her advance on me and we started making out for a bit, but I couldn't wait for it to be over. It was like kissing a vacuum. Her only upside was that she is a super nice girl so I decided why the hell not? We decided to go see the lights at the zoo the next week and it was good fun and all. I took her home and kissed her goodbye. Then a couple days later I sent her an intimate picture of me, not like a dick pic, just me shirtless. She seemed to almost show it to her mom and then told me that she did. It was so damn awkward and I felt like I couldn't tell her anything cause she would just show her mom. So after Christmas we just kinda started to not talk. She was also a terrible story teller and would always tell me stories about her previous romantic relationships which really pissed me off. Then one Friday night 2 weeks ago after work me and my friends decided to drink. After downing a few screwdrivers I decided to text D and confess that I liked her. I don't remember what I said I was shit faced. Then after throwing up vodka and Mexican food I passed out. The next morning I asked her what I said and she seemed to be fairly interested in me as well. Then that Sunday she told me that she broke up with her boyfriend and she's been flirting with me ever since. I really want to ask her out to a dance that is happening soon. Am I an asshole for giving F the cold shoulder and moving on to D?"
2027,"AITA for wanting the guy I'm seeing to give me more than 2 minutes of his time per day? Things started so well with him. He was so sweet to me and made me feel so safe and valued. Then stuff at his job changed. He said he works a lot. He changed his work shift to supposedly spend more time with me, but ended up having to work even more. He works (according to him) 12-14 hours a day. I never see him. I saw him one night 3 weeks ago and for one hour, 2 weeks ago. He calls me for 2 minutes at a time and then says ""text me later"" or something. Some days I don't even get that much: some days, he says he'll call me later, but never does and he'll maybe text me a bit throughout the day. I totally understand him needing to work. He is a supervisor, and says if he declines work they'll give it to someone else and he's out of luck. It just seems like he doesn't care to talk to me anymore but seems confused when I ask him if he's even still interested in this. I confronted him about never wanting to talk to me, and he got really defensive and said ""I told you I work a lot at the beginning."" Basically, his answer is, too bad, I get what I get and it's probably not going to change, so suck it up. Edit: I dumped him. I don't need that confusion/stress/frustration in my life. Thanks for the comments and advice."
2028,"AITA for deducting the cost of what my roommate steals from me from my half of the rent. This happened a while ago but it still bothers me. I rented a two bedroom apartment with this guy. The lease was in his name so I would write my rent checks to him. I started realizing that he was stealing food from my cabinets and my shelves in fridge. I mentioned it to him and he'd laugh it off because he was stoned or he'd say, ""I can't control what my friends do in the fridge when they are drinking."" This went on for months with me telling him exactly what had been stolen and then him not compensating me and calling me an uptight asshole. I never stole from him. What I did was begin to keep notes on what was stolen, calculate the amount at the end of the month and deduct that amount from the rent. I would give him a copy of the accounting and explain he could pay what he owes me or cash the check. Some months I would have to deduct more than $200 dollars from my half of the rent. He would scream, never deny that he had taken the items, but insist I was wrong for paying less for my half of the rent. Seriously, AITA or is it the thief?"
2029,"AITA for telling someone off in a text from an unknown number? TLDR, woman I have a peculiar history with won’t leave me alone, I was agonizing over whether to just directly and unequivocally tell her to leave me alone, settled on doing so by text. So I did. Then this morning I came to a realization: I never told her when I changed my number. She has no reason to know that I changed my number, since I kept access to my old one I didn’t bother broadcasting it on social media or anything, and I most certainly wouldn’t have given it to her, and when I sent the text I didn’t “sign” it. So it’s possible that she just got this nasty negative text from an unknown number and doesn’t even know who it was. This is the text: >Stop trying to talk to me. It is unwelcome and I have been making this crystal clear for a long time. We are not friends, I am not interested in your life and don’t want to share anything about mine with you. No small talk, no dog talk, no river talk, no coupons or memes... just leave me the hell alone. Now I think there may be enough in there to indicate who I am, considering the context and timing - this was sent about 12 hours after our last unwelcome interaction, and while I know she’s pissed off a lot of people over the years I don’t think there’s anyone who’s been trying as hard to get away from her, and puppies, coupons, and memes characterize a lot of her attempts to reach out to me lately. Now, it’s also possible that she does have this number already. It’s not a totally new number, I just switched my google voice and cell numbers, and I know I texted her from the GV at least once before, but probably like four years ago and definitely not since she got her current phone. So she may or may not have the number saved to my name. I don’t think there’s anything I can do about it. A follow up text saying “this is Rory by the way, I changed my number” seems tacky at best, but more likely might seem like inviting a response which I don’t want; I’m generally happy that she hasn’t responded to it because in the past she’s responded to previous similar messages by trying to negotiate or persuade me to keep her in my life. It should be clear to her at this point that I am serious about cutting her off and I don’t want to send a conflicting message. So AITA for just leaving it alone and hoping she knows it was me, when it could mean having sent her basically an anonymous hateful message?"
2030,"AITA for getting the policed involved in a (potential) family issue? So I was perusing the brightly colored and cartoon covered boxes of cereal, looking for a new way to get the diebeetus. Out of the corner of my eye, I see two grey-haired ladies turn into the aisle. One of the ladies takes a cylinder of Quaker Oats on the shelf, and promptly shoves it in the other ladies face. At first, I reasoned that surely this woman had some kind of mental disability. I worked in a mental institution, and it reminded me of when one of my DD kids was in the middle of a fit. The first lady throws the oatmeal into the shopping cart that the other is pushing and storms further down the aisle, by the granola bars. She picks one of the shelf and forcefully shoves it in the other's face while growling. ""You're so fucking stupid."" I then had two realizations. One: these two are clearly sisters and two: this woman isn't disabled. She just was an angry bitch. I followed them around the store. The angry one storming through the crowds of shoppers, growling hurtful items at her sister, and the other sadly dragging herself to follow. Our eyes met only once. They were dead eyes. The whole thing bothered me enough that I left my shopping and followed them to their vehicle. I wrote down the licence plate number. I called the non-emergency number and explained the situation. They said they'll look into it. Now I'm second guessing my actions. I'm sending the police to check on people I literally only seen this one time in my life. Did I over-react? Am I the Asshole?"
2031,"AITA for not bringing my roommate her dog back on a hike after she wasn’t paying attention So she wanted to do a sunrise hike so we brought our dogs with a group of people. Pretty long hike and we ended up taking the wrong path twice and missed sunrise at the peak where there’s a flagpole and she really wanted to put the American flag there. We get down to a crossroads and some locals tell her the way to the pole. Me and a couple others were tired of climbing and decided to go the other way which led to crosses. Her dog followed my dog to the crosses and it took her at least 10 minutes to message that she wanted her dog. We weren’t going to walk down to the crossroads then to wherever the flagpole was because she didn’t have eyes on the dog when we split up. It’s her birthday week and she’s been needing everything to go her way and gets upset when I tell her to do her chores because it’s her birthday week. Her dog is afraid of a lot of things so other people on the hike had to coax him across some areas. Not once did I see her trying to help her dog, to me it seems she just wanted her dog when it was time for pictures. She’s still being upset about it and is saying she’s just not going to invite me and the others that went to the crosses on any other hikes to keep from getting pissed off.. but we’re still friends apparently. I think because she doesn’t want me to kick her out. (Military btw)"
2032,"WIBTA for asking my roommates to stop doing poker night at our place? They invite their friends over every Sunday for poker night and often go pretty late. Last week, I was woken up multiple times between 1 and 3 am by one girl in particular screaming. I have no idea how our neighbors haven't complained yet. Tonight, when this girl comes over and sees that I'm sitting on the couch she goes ""Umm I wanted to sit on the couch"". I most certainly did not move and stayed on the couch. Then one of the guys who comes over that I actually get along with wanted to smoke so I pulled some out and the same girl and her boyfriend complain that they hate the smell of it and asked me not to smoke. I told them I would smoke away from them but that it's my apartment and I'll do what I want. I'm just tired of a select couple of these people trying to impose themselves on me in my home when I don't even really know them. EDIT: In all fairness, it isn’t the whole poker night I have an issue with, it’s this one couple. Everyone else who comes over, while they may not be my favorite people in the world, is pretty okay to be around. A little rowdy but nothing excessive at all. So I wouldn’t ask them to not do it at all, but this couple is really salting my caramel. EDIT 2: To address /u/polarsthudson and his unfortunately downvoted comment thread, I was in fact smoking weed. My city decriminalized a couple years back and I live in a mostly college age area, no one cares about the weed around us. But thanks for looking out! EDIT 3: Talked to roommate J who is the one who knows this couple. He said not to take it out on the guy too much because he's just following his girlfriend's lead. Not the best excuse but this guy already has to deal with enough shit dating her. Regarding the girl, J said ""I don't mind her being here but I really don't mind seeing her put in her place. You live here, not her."""
2033,"AITA Girlfriend argument (it's a lot worse than it sounds) AITA TLDR: Ive done fucked up shit in the past to hope with depression, and now am working on getting better. My girlfriend is there when I have panic attacks, but spends the rest of the time telling me how unattractive and annoying it is that I'm ""sensitive, mopey and lazy"". Am I the asshole for asking her for support during he day-to-day things? This is genuine, I want to know if I'm wrong to correct myself. Hey there, so here's a short story A precursor, I know that these things I've done that I will now mention are fucked up. I know what I've done is wrong in many levels and am working to get better. No need to remind me to an unnecessary extent. My current girlfriend (Her name will be Rose for the purposes of this thread) and I met during a very low point in my life. I was going through a lot of things and had just been diagnosed with chronic manic depression and social anxiety the year prior after years of therapy. When we met I had started talking to another girl simply as a coping mechanism (let's call her B). I would make her think like I care in order to get what I wanted from her, that being sexual relations. At the same time I was very confused about my feelings for a past friend whom I thought I was in love with (we'll call her C). (Yeah it was a shitshow) I started talking to Rose and for the first time it seemed real. I wanted to be involved and it was different. So a few months later we met up again. Througout the first year she and I made our efforts to meet up as we could and start a good relationship long distance. The reason why this is all relevant is because it's where my mistakes began. As a confused 16 year old I continued to talk to B for sexual contact, even though Rose was and I were more than active. C kept me confused with nostalgic memories of our prior friendship. At one point, I even told Rose that we shouldn't be together because of the feeling I thought I had for C (which I didn't). This was the first of my mistakes. After some time and a lot of explanation Rose and I got back together, and C became nothing more than an acquaintance to me. B and I were still doing inappropriate things. Come December of that year (8 months after the first mistake) B has an emotional brakedown due to how I was using her, and tells Rose everything. Rose and I don't talk for a month Rose hits me up and we talk, and from that day in February two years ago to today, we have been working and trying to make our relationship what we know it can be. For 3 months after that I continued talking to B. A multitude of rather small"
2034,"AITA for causing a breakup because I liked a picture of my ex on Instagram? First of all, I want to clear up that this might have been the tip of the iceberg of the relationship, not that everything was amazing and I liked an ex’s pic and that cause everything to go down hill. My gf and I had some jealousy issues going on, but since the beginning of the relationship I made it clear that I did not have any feelings for my ex and that I’m indifferent with her, but I don’t hate her because she helped me through one of the worst times of my life, while her on the other hand thinks you have to hate your ex like she does with a burning passion for you to actually be over them. Anywhoo, she’s a big instagrammer, she takes it very seriously and posts very risqué pictures all the time and it bothers me a bit, but not enough to cause anything in or relationship. She gets hundreds of likes from thirsty guys messaging her non stop as well because of the pictures she takes and her ex’s message her and like her pics, she responds sometimes and sometimes she doesn’t. Then my ex posted a normal pic of her and a friend in a park in NY, I’m from the south so she’s pretty much gone out of my life forever, and a fully clothed, non sexual pic at all and I liked it. She screenshots it and yells at me, calls me names, etc. she then makes me unfollow her account on Instagram and to block her. Like I said, she (my ex) helped me through a tough time in my life so I don’t hate her and we’re cordial, but I have a new girlfriend who I chose to be with so I block my ex to ease her mind. One month passes and Instagram glitches and shows I’m following my ex on ig still for some reason, she screenshots it and sends it to me and breaks up with me, calls me all these names and stuff, says her friends all agree with her, and I tell her I’m not even following my ex on ig and I totally forgot that the situation even happened. I let her login my account and my ex is still blocked on ig but she still proceeds to breakup with me because “it’s my fault for her to even feel that way with me and my ex and she can’t trust me” Some notes to think about: 1) my ex does randomly text me here and there, but the texts never last more than a couple exchanges (happy birhday, merry Xmas, etc.) so maybe my gf thinks that I could still be interested in her. 2) I did tell my ex that we shouldn’t text (when my and my gf first got into a relationship) because I’m in a relationship and I showed my gf this text. 3) my ex talks about her ex ALL THE TIME"
2035,"Aita for arguing with my boyfriend Okay so the history of this situation - I had a best friend of 10+ years but have since fallen out due to her going behind my back and meeting up with an ex of mine that had hurt me really badly. This situation caused me to lose trust in her and people in general. We haven’t spoken in 4 months however share a lot of mutual friends... to the point where I have stopped going out to socials because she will be there. Last Friday it was a friends bday and we were both going to be there for the first time in ages. I knew I’d be more emotional and had prepared to leave early. Now I got annoyed at my boyfriend because I have explained to him how much this person has hurt me and how distrustful I am off her and how it triggers all my anxieties when he interacts with her (due to her being close to guys I have dated in the past and my fear that somehow she’ll get her claws into my current bf somehow). So at the party everyone’s in one room and he’s chilling on one side, the ex best friend is sitting near him but chatting with others and I am in another corner. He sees her and immediately says hi and engages her in conversation. It wasn’t much beyond the general ‘hey, how are you’ but it just felt disrespectful to me especially as he knew it was a trigger for me. There was a tome a few months ago also when we were all working together (we sometimes do casual work at a restaurant) and he made a joke to her in front of me. I don’t want to be controlling and maybe that is what I am doing but in the situation... I just can’t help it. I get so mad and upset and it makes me feel like he isn’t supportive."
2036,"AITA for not wanting anything to do with an old friend? Bit of background. Me and one of my best friends (we're still very close) used to be best friends with this girl, we did everything together. Then she got together with this guy and started hanging out with him all the time instead of us. We were still friends with her, and looked out for her even after she got back with him after she caught him asking other girls for nudes (against our advice). We all moved away to uni and even though we tried, she didn't bother to keep in contact with us. We tried to meet up with her in the holidays but she'd always leave early to go and see her boyfriend even though she practically lived with him, and never saw us. Eventually all contact dropped. A year and a half later she's suddenly messaged us saying she's broken up with her boyfriend and wanting to meet up. Am I the asshole for not really caring anymore?"
2037,"AITA for being annoyed at having to say ""I'm going now"" at least 3 times when I talk to my mum on the phone? On the phone to my mum tonight. We had a nice chat. I decide I'm tired and need to get on. I say, ""I think I'll push on now"" and she launches in to another topic. I wait it out, patiently. I say, ""Okay, I need to go"" and she does it again. I listen now, gritting my teeth, for another few minutes as she talked about a pair of gloves she sent me to keep my hands warm. She got a pair for herself and liked them so much she got some for me. Now, I'm feeling guilty for being ungrateful. Finally I say ""I'm going now"" and she gets another few sentences in. This happens fairly often. I know she just likes talking to her son. The family situation isn't great. I can't help feeling trapped and angry when she does it. Is this just a thing mums do?"
2038,"WIBTA if I don’t invite my friends partners to my wedding? I’m getting married in August and it’s going to be **very** small. Like, my immediate family and my partners immediately family. We want to invite two close friends each. So here is where I need opinions: I do not want to invite my friends partners. One I’ve met 5 times at most, and he is very nice but he’s not *my* friend. The other I’ve met once for about 20 minutes. I feel that this is a small, intimate wedding and it would be uncomfortable for me and for my friends partners to be there. Is this incredibly rude of me? My mom says it’s rude and weird. I’m not trying to be rude or disrespectful, I just think it’s too personal and private. Anyways..what do you think? Asshole? **Edit: So it appears it’s weird/rude/disrespectful if I don’t include the partners. Thanks for all your comments. I will be inviting them. **"
2039,"AITA for making my roommate pay up To start, this guy is not quite my roommate, but we share have an adjourning in our dorm (college). We have known each other for years, but never been the best of friends. Last August, I sold him access to my playstation account and gta 5 for $30 and 20 dollars respectively. This doesn’t affect me at all, so I would have given it to him for free if he asked, but he offered that much. I accepted. We have lived together for months since then and he has refused to pay me out of stubbornness/saying he doesn’t have cash. That is, until recently when I made a point of reminding him regularly, in hopes that he would finally pay up. However, he now claims that because he doesn’t use gta, that he only owes me the $30 dollars for access to playstation plus. This is the key to this disagreement. My argument is that He agreed to pay me 50 dollars for two things. It doesn’t seem to me that his decision to not play the game should retroactively change the deal. Still, I accepted the 30 dollars and put it behind me. Now I understand this is petty, but it has been incredibly frustrating to have him act like I’m being unreasonable for wanting the money I believe I’m owed. So am I the asshole?"
2040,"AITA for not letting my roommate use my half of the room A bit of context here: My roommate and I were formerly best friends since we were 15 when we both arrived at our boarding school as new sophomores. For our senior year, we were placed together as roommates and wow, it has been a nightmare. She constantly belittles me and makes up partial rules while completely disregarding anything I might have to say about bettering the room. It's very frustrating and we fight nearly constantly. Take today... Our room is shaped like a perfect square with a tiny cube on top of the smack-center of the room next to the window. Our room is small as hell so our beds are pushed together at the feet to maximize space and pressed against the wall next to the cube. The cube is perfectly in the middle of our two spaces so it's a pretty neutral ground. Or I thought it was. A few days ago, I noticed that she had put down a yoga mat down across the entire cube and had pushed my bags and things that I need to access regularly for after-school sports under my bed in a rather inconvenient spot that was kind of a pain to get to. I asked her politely if she would mind not using my half of the cube since it is technically in my half of the room and I would like to use it to keep some of my things there since storage is already not very available to us. She proceeds to get very angry, accuses me of ""trying to start an argument for no reason,"" and calls me ""crazy."" She justifies her use of the cube by claiming that she does homework back there sometimes and that she wants it to sit and to have more space. She did say that I could sit back there and do work myself, but that leaving stuff there would be an inconvenience to her when she wants to sit back there when the weather gets nice. I'm pretty pissed, I won't lie. This is the girl who wouldn't let me put a bean bag back in the space, has a pipe running alongside her bed that she refuses to use to hang non-machine-dry-able clothes and instead, takes up all the space on our center pipe on laundry day for her wet clothes, and then refuses to let me use the pipe on her side of the bed when I say that I need space, and just generally is rude to me for the sake of her own amusement. I don't think she has said a single nice thing to me this year and I try incredibly hard to be a good friend/roommate to her. When I tried to move out, she called me dramatic and said that I would be screwing her over if she needed a new roommate. She accuses me of getting changed in front of the window on purpose, but then opens up the shades to the room"
2041,"AITA for reporting my boss for sexual harassment? For background I am a 17 y/o male and at my work I got a new supervisor and we can call him Bill. One day a week ago, Bill came up to me while I was working and started complaining about his neighbors, then said he’s not actually respected around the workplace. He didn’t realize I didn’t care, nor did I want him to talk to me. He changed the subject to how a lot of teachers are getting popped for having intercourse with their students. He proceeds to tell me that we shouldn’t have a law preventing underage sex, or in this case pedophilia. After Bill left I talked to some of the higher ups and ended up reporting Bill for sexual harassment. Am I an ass for reporting him?"
2042,AITA for losing my temper at a girl for her phone ringing in class? My ADHD is really bad and I'm seated at the back of tbe class. This girl's phone rang 15 times (message notif) in the first 15 minutes of class. People would glance at her but she wouldn't turn it down. It was such a nightmare for me because it was so distracting. On the 20th I slammed my pen against the table and shouted WHOSE PHONE IS THAT?! and everyone stared. I'm really embarrassed because the prof stared at me.
2043,"AITA for not inviting my main friends to my plans? (Background info: I'm a sophomore in a pretty small high school) So I have this group of friends who are really good people. They're my ""main friend group"" I eat lunch with them almost every day and we all talk a good amount. They've done a lot for me and I really love them. I also have some other friends who I feel the exact same about. And I have other people who are just friends, some close, some not. So it's not like my main friend group is my only friends which is where the problem starts. We go out and do stuff a lot but I have other friends who I make plans with and who invite me to things. So about 2 months ago I started doing more and more stuff with another group of friends I have. I still eat almost every day with my main friend group and talk to them and go do things with them when we're actually able to make a plan. But, this past month a few of the people in my main friend group have been getting upset that I've started to do more things with my ""white friends"" (they call them that because 3.5/4 of them are white. One of them is half white and has a ""white personality""). They never get super angry about it but they still get upset and make jokes about it. At first I was ok with the jokes because they're just jokes and we make fun of each other playfully all the time. But it's gotten to a point where it's not funny anymore. Every time I want to even try to plan something with my other friends I'm bombarded with ""Oh, of course you're doing stuff with your white friends"" and ""Oh, I forgot, you only go out with your white friends"" Its to a point where I had to shut my phone off last time because they would they would repeatedly call me knowing I was out with these friends, to act surprised about it and say something. It's not like I abandoned them. I've never cancelled plans on them for my other friends. I've actually cancelled plan with my other friends to go to one of their birthday parties. One time my mom said I couldnt go see Pitch Perfect 3 with them but she said I could go downtown with my other friends the next day. That's the only time that would give the idea that I picked my other friends over them but that wasn't even my fault. I would have gone to both if I could and I tried to explain that to them but I was just hit with more of the ""No, it's ok, we already know you only do things with your white friends anyways"" This isn't a super huge issue and I dont think it's reached a point where I'm being bullied about it or where I want to stop being their friends but I"
2044,"AITA for telling someone I just met in a group chat they should sleep? So I was just added to a group chat, a chat made specifically to discuss an upcoming event we were planning. I was introduced to a few people and we chatted a while and had off topic discussions and it was fine and all, overall good time. Well it's like 1am and I am like, gotta sleep now, see you later, and the person I was chatting with makes a big deal to the rest of the group that they are not sleeping. Whatever, not my circus. All night, every couple hours, they are up posting on the chat, random things and a lot of ""haha not asleep!"" Stuff. Again, not my circus. After a few of their friends ask them to get rest the day goes by and I pop back on around midnight. Now, through the day, they were making posts about not sleeping and were arguing with their friends about how they don't need sleep because they deserve to suffer and crap. This is a chat to orginize a game, with a lot of strangers, but I'm an empathetic person, they seem really unwell, I am concerned. It's midnight now, their friends have begged them to sleep amd themselves gone to bed, and they post to the empty chat something like guess who still hasnt slept! So I tell them, hey, thats actually really serious, going on 36 hours no sleep. It can be dangerous. Tell them they should try to rest. They reply ""im fine dont worry about me"", like, dude you obviously wanted people to worry posting it here. I reply back, how tough it is on your body to go 36 hours sleep deprived. They snap at me and say ""you dont even know me why do you care??"" Like dude, group chat, sleep deprivation is serious. I tell them I dont know them and I care because its serious and their friends are obviously worried for them and ask them to try to rest. They reply a long comment about how sorry they are for dumping it in group chat and being self depricating and saying well it hasnt killed me yet nobody worry about them. They seemed really put out about it and now I'm worried their friends are gonna jump me for upsetting them when they wake up, I didn't mean to scare them off from sharing really, I genuinely wanted them to know sleep deprivation is serious and know they had people caring for them. AITA here? I thought, group chat with strangers, they must need support, but guess I should've just let them run themselves into the ground? Idk, I feel really bad."
2045,"AITA for having my phone fixed? A little backstory, me and a group of friends were playing music in class and a guy asks me to stop, I didn't listen so he then came over and grabbed my phone and threw it on the ground. Sounds pretty douchy, well I later find out that he was in a car crash when he was younger and has some brain issue and anger issues, my phone ended up being cracked and he is paying for the damage, but I can't help but to feel bad because I should have turned off the music, but to be fair he shouldn't have reacted the way he did."
2046,"AITA for not visiting my grandma before she passed? My grandma (who lived in NYC with my parents) was admitted to the hospital about a week ago. She was unresponsive and doctor's monitored her vitals for 48 hours and concluded that she was not likely to get better. Saturday night, I received a call from my mom (my grandma's legal power of attorney) that they were going to let her go & cease medical care. She told me that she already told my older brother, who was flying out that night from Arizona to say goodbye. He was taking a one-way flight because we didn't know when she would pass afterwards. She said she understands money is tight for me, but would like for me to fly out regardless so the family could be together. I received a call from my brother who told me the same news, so I told him I couldn't afford the flight from LA (where I live) home. One-way was about $400. He blew up on me: ""If you really wanted to go see her, you would ask to borrow the money. You don't even value your own family. You're the most selfish bitch I have ever had the misfortune of knowing. If we weren't family, I would have rather not ever met you"" Is my brother right that I'm a selfish asshole for putting my finances before seeing my dying grandma?"
2047,"AITA for getting full custody My ex & I split on Saturday. We have a four month old together. My ex is diagnosed as schizoaffective. The week before we split, I would have to take my son over to my sisters because he would get so irritated with him, I was scared to leave them alone while I went to work. My ex doesn’t have a job, & lives at his best friends house. His best friend is a paranoid schizophrenic, who attempted to murder his parents by burning down the house with them in it, he was unsuccessful. My ex has no insurance, & isn’t on meds, & wouldn’t take them when he was. He has made no attempt to get a job, & turns down every offer we give him. Am I the asshole for trying to get full custody while giving him supervised visits?"
2048,"AITA For going out while my SIL babysat So, a bit of background. I've recently picked up a second job that I'm able to pick the shifts for after I finish training. The idea was that I would only do shifts when my daughter is at her dad's. However, training has only just started and the shifts require a few odd hours. So, I arranged with my SIL and brother for some babysitting in the meantime. The night in question, the shift didn't finish until well after my daughter's bedtime, so SIL offered a sleepover for her and I picked her up first thing in the morning from my brother. The shift finished at 9, and because I have such little time off I arranged with a friend to grab a quiet beer and have a catch up. I told my brother about this the next day and he didn't indicate this was a problem. However, it came up again last night at dinner, two weeks later. SIL basically said I shouldn't have gone out, that she didn't agree to watch my child so I could go out and that she wouldn't be watching her in the future. But I did go to work, it was too late to pick up after work. I've been nothing but honest so I'm not sure what I've done wrong. It wouldn't have been an issue if I'd gone straight home to bed. TL;Dr didn't run a night out past my SIL although she was already babysitting."
2049,"AITA for reporting a meat recipe on a vegetarian recipe group? So, I follow several vegetarian recipe sites on Facebook and every now and then, someone new will post a meat recipe and get a gentle message from the mods asking them not to do it again. Yesterday, a meat recipe popped up from one of these sites, with a message from the poster saying 'just ignore the meat'. I clicked to report it to mods, because really the point of vegetarian recipe sites is to provide recipes that don't rely on ignoring the main ingredient. I thought that was the end of it, but then got a message from the mod, asking 'why did you report this post?'. I politely replied it was because I thought meat recipes were not permitted within a vegetarian group. The mod replied with a sarcastic comment asking me did I not see the big capitals in the post, telling me to ignore the meat. She then justified it, saying it was a fun, innovative recipe. (It was splitting a cucumber in half and filling it with ham) My first reaction was wtf, so I can post a picture of a dog in a cat group so long as I instruct people to ignore it? I didn't say that though, just politely replied that with all respect, it seems that this isn't the right group for me and removed myself. I know it's a totally trivial thing, but I'm left standing here wondering if I was wrong."
2050,"AITA ditching best friend Have a friend ""sue""...known her for 34 years .sue met a guy online ""nick"" in 2 mo he has destroyed her life alienated her family totalled her car almost killed her and was found to be a current heroin user and every word out of his mouth is a lie. He has threatened me , called my bf and tried to stir up trouble. I told her she is an adult and can date who she wants but I will not allow him in my home will I visit her and put myself/children/family in that type of situation. So if she chooses to be with him I choose to not be friends w her. Am I an asshole?"
2051,"AITA for wanted to work with previous employees and don't want to put in a word for them? Here me out first: I was fired maybe 2 years ago, and I got a job at a different store fairly quickly. Fast forward 2 years later I learned an old (literally and figuratively) employee was laid off from our job. It isn't that I don't want him to have another job or anything but rather I want to move on in this industry. And seeing old coworkers isn't my ideal of change. Idk. Am an asshole for not wanting to help him, or, similar to an asshole, being selfish?"
2052,"WIBTA if I asked my friend to not go to a support group I frequent? I go to a support group for people with eating disorders every week. I am pretty deep into a relapse, and it's one of the few methods of real objective support I get. My friend, ""John"", has also struggled a little bit with disordered eating, but is doing well now. John also attends AA and NA meeting, and has a really strong support system through those programs. John mentioned wanting to tag along to the ED support group with me, because I mentioned how it's been helpful for me. I didn't really mean it as an invitation. So: I understand that I can't control what they do. I understand I don't ""own"" the support group and have no say over who goes. I understand that even if John is doing well, they have the right to seek more support. If John thinks it would help them, then it would probably be an asshole/selfish thing of me to say no. However, John is doing really well with food stuff. John has other outside support. I honestly don't think they need it. I've had other friends show interest in the group, and I've been happy to have them come with, because they're really struggling and looking for support. I don't think this is the case with John though. For me, it's one of the few places where I can speak to and listen to other people who really understand me in an anonymous setting and get objective, down-to-earth feedback. I like that it's my own thing. I like not knowing anyone there. So, would I be the asshole?"
2053,"AITA for wanting to hangout with my girlfriend on the weekend instead of my sister So am I the asshole for wanting to spend my weekends with my girlfriend instead of sister. My sister seems to be making me choose her over my gf and it is actually really annoying. So I guess I should start of by saying that I am college student and I have a job. I don’t get to see my gf during the week because we both work and our schedules just don’t mix well at the moment. She works mornings I work in the afternoons. So when the weekend comes around I really get excited to see her, but sister keeps getting mad that I don’t hangout with her on the weekends because she says and I quote she doesn’t want to be home bored on the weekends. So I have told her we can hang earlier in the day so I can give her time while still hanging w/my gf but that’s not good enough apparently because she specifically wants to hangout at night when I would be w/ my gf normally. Keep in mind that I can hang anytime during the week and I have. I have work at 5pm so we can go eat ang hang and whatever anytime before that, but she is caught up with having to hangout with me during the weekend. She got mad at me for suggesting that I hangout with her earlier in the day so I could hangout with both her and my gf. She started crying and said she didn’t know why it was so hard for me to give her a 1 whole day. So I ended telling her I would hang with her all day Sunday. look Im going to be honest she did go through a rough break up a couple months ago, and she doesn’t have a lot of friends at the moment since she not working or going to school, but I just don’t want dedicate a day out of the weekend every week to her when I can hang with her whenever.... is that bad. I have suggested to her that she join a dance class, take up a hobby and go the gym an stuff, but she’s really not having any of it. She straight up told me that she’s not going to join a dance class because that won’t work she won’t get any friends. She went as far as saying I’m taking her depression to a new low. She says she’s hurt that I don’t want to dedicate a day out of my weekend to her because I’m choosing a girl over her. I don’t mind hanging out every once in a while on the weekends, but she wants to hangout with me every single weekend.... keep in mind It’s not like I can only see her during the weekend, I hangout with her during the week 1-2 times and we’re both home 5 days a week so if she wanted to we could watch shows"
2054,"AITA for breaking up with friends of 25 years. Well long story so be patient. We have been friends since teenagers. On NYE my gf and I got together with R&b also another couple j&c. We have had friction with j&c before and I knew they were there. I went into this with a positive attitude hoping to have a good time not wanting to fight with anyone. As a matter of fact R&b called earlier and said j&c were low on gas could we bring some. I said yes. I wouldn’t want to be in their situation. We arrive at R&bs house. We had time to have 1 beer and they were playing some music. My gf is talking to C an says I don’t know this song and I really don’t like it. C goes off on her for not knowing who sings it and not enjoying a Tanya Tucker song. Called her a “twat crumb”. My gf bit her tongue and glossed it over until C was talking to someone else, stopped in mid conversation, turned to my gf and said “twat crumb” at this point my gf is like “ I’m not going to sit here and listen to this” she got up and I followed her along with R. We left and walked to the bar. Ten mins later, B arrives with j&c in tow. So we try to ignore and enjoy our time. The whole time C is making rude remarks etc. Just bitter and angry. I’ve had enough. I tell her to stfu and nobody likes her. She’s so negative and angry and always ruins the night etc etc. And they leave but R&b leave too. Without a word to either of us. So we stay and have a couple more drinks. I walk over to their house and take my gas can back because fuck j&c. Then I get a phone call from B asking where the gas is. I said fuck j&c they can run out of fuel for all I care. The bar closes at 1130 and we get the waitress to drive us to r&bs to get my cooler of beer and not a word was said from R&b. We left and went to another town and had a great rest of the night. A couple days later I text R and tell him I’m sad and angry and heartbroken. I told him I hope he has a deep and meaningful friendship with j&c because I can’t be friends with them anymore. He hasn’t replied and we ran into each other about a week later. He claims he tried to talk to me but I honest to god didn’t hear him or I don’t know because I have no recollection of this happening. I’m an adult an am willing to sit and discuss anything with anybody. So now B is talking to mutual friends and taking low blows at me. Insults regarding appearance and calling me other unsavoury untrue things based on the people I associate with. I don’t know who"
2055,AITA if I park crooked but still within the lines Not actually me but my husband. We went out tonight and he parked so not even remotely straight within the lines and I told him he needed to straighten up the car and he said no he didn't because even though the car was crooked he was still within the lines. I disagreed. Was he an asshole?
2056,"AITA for venting privately about my obnoxious coworker? Picture a version of your most awkward 13 year old self. Remove any filter, any self-awareness, any autonomy, any boundaries, then age them up to be a woman in her late 20’s. This is who I am stuck in a room with for 40 hours a week. My coworker (let’s call her Ti) is sweet and caring and very good at her job. That being said, Ti has absolutely no ability to read body language and social cues. Ti also has a bad habit of taking a joke way too far while displaying her naïve and immature understanding of sex, adult relationships, and generally how the world around her works. I don’t blame her for being like this; I genuinely think she can’t help it, and I’m not going to hold that against her. However, this kind of reckless abandon of social etiquettes drains me to the point where I am dreading going into a job I otherwise adore because Ti’s behavior frustrates me so greatly. Again, no ones *fault* here, we’re just completely and very incompatible personality types. Occasionally I’ll share some of the most outrageous things Ti says and does on my private Twitter account. I do not use her real name, the account in question is locked and not available to the public, and only about 20 close friends have access to it, none of which live within 800 miles of Ti. (I can share some of these tweets if you need a specific examples of her language/behavior or how I share it, but the specifics aren’t relevant and I didn’t want to share unnecessarily) Am I the asshole? It feels good to be reminded by my friends that this behavior isn’t normal for a workplace and to have my frustrations vindicated but at the same time I worry that what I’m doing is wrong."
2057,"AITA for checking on someone who has had suicidal tendencies in the past? Last week my girlfriend and I broke up, neither of us wanted it to end an I don't know why it ended. One night I sent her a message and she replied saying ""I love you"" and ""goodbye"". I tried calling her but she had blocked my number and she wasn't responding to my messages. So I got worried and thought she hurt herself so I left my house, drove to hers to make sure things were alright. The next day she told me that we shouldn't contact anymore. Am I the asshole for doing this? Am in in the wrong or have I done nothing wrong? Edit: Of course I'm not bothering her anymore, I've realized that she wanted it to end and I'm going to block her from my life"
2058,AITA for telling my roommate to not come back because me and my girlfriend are having sex Alright so I live in a dorm right now and me and my girlfriend are sexually active. I had to tell my roommate to not come back one time (he had happened to have just gotten outta class) so he wouldn’t walk in. I feel bad for “sexiling” him but all he does is go to class and play video games in the room. So Reddit AITA
2059,"AITA for being frustrated with my wife? My wife recently had surgery, and as expected, is a reasonable amount of miserable. I am very sick with a cold right now, have been running errands for her (getting gauze from the store, making all of her meals, etc.) When I come hope and lay down, she comes in and goes on a ten minute rant about how miserable she is and how she wants to die and how she wishes she hadn’t had surgery at all (it was an elective surgery) because recovery is difficult. She is exaggerating a lot of things, like telling me she isn’t going to be able to do anything for 6 months even though expected recovery is 1-2 months. She says it “been for-fucking-EVER” since she got to be happy even though the surgery was only 10 days ago. I understand that she’s frustrated and bored and in pain, but am I being an asshole for leaving the room when she rants at me like this? I can’t handle being sick and the headache she’s giving me by being ungrateful and crabby constantly for the past week."
2060,"AITA for laughing at someone? So, me and this guy (we'll call him Alex) sit next to eachother in Maths and constantly tease eachother a bit. Just your average dumb teen banter. There are also 4 other people at our table who we talk to a bit. I ask him his answer for a question and his is wrong. I laugh at him and call him a dumbass, this isn't anything new (he'd do the same) and explain why he's wrong. He then says that he lived in Germany for a year and therefore his math is bad? ?? ? I tell him I lived in South Africa and that has nothing to do with anything. Whatever, we carry on working. He then asks another kid what he got for a seperate question and Alex changes his answer to fit what the other kid got. I jokingly tell him that he shouldn't copy others. He then denies ever copying them. I'm laughing at this point, because I JUST WATCHED HIM. He gets angrier and angrier, and I'm really trying not to laugh but I can't stop. The other guys at our table are just looking him at him like ""calm down?"". He's yelling at me and ripping his paper and I'm just laughing my ass off because who reacts like this??? The teacher then intervenes and moves him. He, from another table, then asks me why I'm taking the piss out of him because he has a different nationality?? ???? ?? ? I ask him what the hell he's on about and he just ignores me. I'm told later that he was crying. I really don't get it? He's teased me over far more serious stuff."
2061,"AITA for asking my boyfriend why he's with me? I was sitting at home by myself and I got really sad. I texted my boyfriend and asked why he would want to be with an ugly ass, stupid and depressed chick like me. He responded with that I'm gorgeous and beautiful and that I have all the potential in the world and that I just don't see it. I replied ""yeah right."" He replied back, ""I don't know. I can't change your mind. Maybe you can go back to college, buy new clothes, or change your hair or something."" Why is he so angry? AITA?"
2062,"WIBTA If I called the tow company for my apartment on someone parking wherever they want, when there's designated spots? Hey so where we live you get one spot with your apartment number located on it. Then if you have any other vehicles you have to park in a visitors spot. It's first come first serve for the visitor spots but they never fill up. (Sorry for the shit description. I'm really trying here.) Where I live the apartments follow a drive that's shaped like a square U. We live at the bottom of the U. The majority of the apartments surround the outside of the U, with a block filling the inside. The road is small and barely allows for 2 cars to squeeze by each other. When you park at our part of the U, you face the apartments, with little room behind your car for 2 cars to be able to drive by. The situation is that someone has started to park directly behind our designated spot. Their car is being parked horizontal, along the base of the U, up against the inside block of apartments, making the available driving space even smaller so only 1 car can get by at a time now. They aren't taking anyone's # place, but they aren't parking in an actual spot. The space they're parking in is actually on a path for residents to drive on. They don't live here but it's a reoccurring problem. They're visiting someone, sometimes they stay the night, sometimes it's just for a couple hours. My main problems are they take up the driving space, raising the likelihood of our car being scraped. And **I** almost reversed into their car trying to leave our place because I wasn't expecting it. I mean it's no excuse really. I saw the car, thought to myself; ""huh. They're here again. Great."" Then totally spaced out when I reversed. It was pure luck that I didn't hit them. They're probably saving themselves all of 40 feet of walking if they would just park in a visitors spot like they should be doing. At first I made excuses like, maybe they have difficulty walking, maybe they're scared of the walk as there aren't any lights in the visitor spot areas? Stuff like that. But then I finally saw who was parking there. It's a young man, copying the kind of rapper look (not that it matters but you know the style, saggy pants, chains, that kinda stuff) and the only trouble he has walking seems to be caused by saggy pants. We made eye contact as I was trying to pull into my spot, and (Maybe it's just me projecting here) he definitely looked like he knew he shouldn't be parked there. He rushed into his car then **sped** out of the place. Another asshole move on his part, he could have easily hit someone going around the blind corner. I'm tired of it. Thinking of leaving a note asking he stop and if he doesn't, then call the tow place. Would"
2063,"AITA for ghosting someone? (I have autism. Not trying to use that as an excuse for my behaviour, but I didn't know how bad ghosting was until I saw another post) I was dating someone for a month who hardly put any effort into the relationship. He never texted me first, even if he was online and he stood me up twice. I thought to myself why bother so I stopped dating him. I texted him that I didn't see myself being with him and had to think about it, but I didn't outright break up. If he texted me I gave monosyllabic replies, and made excuses as to why I couldn't go out. He eventually got the message and stopped trying. I feel kind of bad about it now though, and think I should have broken up with him in person instead of not talking to him. AITA?"
2064,"AITA for being a problem, even though it's just me being me? Am I just an asshole, period? TL;DR / Skip to the bottom for the 'straight to the question'. Am I the asshole for being a problem to my parents? Today isn't the first time my Dad placed the blame on me for their argument. Every night they are fighting, I mean it. Every. Single. Night. No sleep here, don't mind me. Anyways, my Mom (Who has a couple mood disorders so if her side seems irrational... welcome to my life) got super pissed at my Dad (Crying) because he mad her pasta. With sausage, instead of ground meat. My Mom tells my Dad he should know her by now, and that she doesn't 'like that sh*t'. My Dad then says its my fault for liking sausage and that if I hadn't brought said devil food in the house (I'm too young to get a job since I'm 13, so how in what world), and when Mom leaves to get out laundry, my Dad yells at me, going on about how we ALL have to sacrifice so my Mom is happy. He goes on, acting like he sacrifices everything for her, which he doesn't since she has Major Depression (I'll get to the falling action in a minute) and he tells me I shouldn't have brought something my Mom doesn't like in the house. So, when Mom comes back things escalate and in the end my Dad's hating me and my Mom leaves the house for work depression muttering about how she just shouldn't come home and how everyone depends on her too much and we only use her. I'm right there, but I don't know how to say, one; sorry, and two; I don't think you're a tool, I actually love you... I suck at emotions. I can see where my Dad is coming from since it's plain stupid to argue for, but I can see my Mom's side too. My Dad constantly puts everyone down, if I drop something by accident when cooking he yells at me saying I'm useless and can't do nothing right. When he screws up, we're supposed to laugh it off? And my Mom DOES do a lot since my younger brother is autistic and my older brother is mentally disabled, so she deals with all of this and her own issues and my issues, and my Dad acts like a big baby. He yells at her for not working a 'real job' and how she only works a Sunday job a couple of months a year (Tax repair), and how his labor job (Custodian) is so much 'real' work. But my Dad also tries his best to let every little argument go with my Mom and tries to turn it into a joke, which never works with her. And last week my parents got into a seriously long argument (5 hours of crying, shouting, fighting, and my Dad hitting my Mom once) after it sparked when they talked about my bad grades, and my"
2065,"AITA for not picking a friend up in the middle of the night? She got lost in a bad part of town and didn't have money for a cab so she called me around 3am and asked me to come get her. At that moment I lost my shit and told her it is her own problem, how she could've called someone else like her ex or parents instead of bothering me, told her I hope she gets home safe but that I won't help her because I felt she was taking advantage of me. She started crying and said I am the only person she trusts but I didn't want to hear it and hung up on her."
2066,"AITA for blowing up at my boyfriend? I asked him to drive me to the store so I could buy midol. When we got there he asked if I wanted him to come in. I asked him if he could go in for me and he asked me why. I told him I didn't want to go in. He was like, why do you always do this?"" I got mad at him and said ""fine then let's just go home!"" He asked me what I wanted and he went in and got it for me. God why is he so angry? AITA?"
2067,"AITA for getting angry when, my Dad doesn’t believe me that my Mum is vindictive, lies about and exaggerates my behaviour For context. My dad works from 6am-6pm and my Mum works from home (3 hours a day on a computer). At the moment I’m on school holidays, and I am given chores to do around the house while I’m not working etc. I have no problem with this, at all. Sometimes, and only sometimes, Mum will ask me to e.g hang out the washing. I’ll say “yep in a minute I’m playing guitar/finishing watching this YouTube video/whatever.” She says okay but don’t forget. I’ll take about another 5 minutes and then go and do it. She tells Dad when he gets home that I need to be told multiple times to do chores and that she thinks I should be kicked out of home (I’m 18, still in school). I explain to my Dad that she’s bullshitting, he doesn’t believe me, turns into an argument, Dad gets all staunch and acts like he will beat my ass if he “had” to, but if I ever hit him back I’ll get disowned type situation. This infuriates me and I drive to my mates house most times. Mum uses this as an excuse to say I don’t even care about them, that I use them etc. when I’m f***ing 18 and not able to be independent yet with school. Am I the asshole? If you need more information on the matter I’d be happy to provide."
2068,"WIBTA for asking that my roommate not play D&D in the apartment? One of my roommates started a D&D group. We talked about doing this in September and he was like ""I don't want to run a campaign this year"" so I dropped it. I haven't played since my old group fell apart in the wake of a break up (nothing to do with me; he cheated with a girl back home and she wasn't about mending that bridge). I came home from my Sunday film viewing for class to find DM roommate, the roommate I share my double with, a guy who already graduated, and two other girls, his girlfriend and her roommate, rolling rip characters. DM said ""oh there's no more room sorry"". And now I'm in my room hearing them start to play and I'm really hurting about this. One of the reasons DM and I were excited to live together was our love of tabletop RPGs; and this came out of nowhere. I even asked him at the beginning of this semester if he was up to consider a campaign, and he said no. Would I be the asshole to ask that they play elsewhere, like the library or his girlfriends apartment, so I wouldn't feel like I either have to stay in my room, or make any excision into the (open floor plan) kitchen/living room really painful and awkward?"
2069,"AITA for wanting to kick a roommate out for late rent/cops showing up? Roommate is constantly late with rent and utilities. Got arrested for driving on suspended license(for not paying speeding tickets) and expired tag in the drive way a few weeks ago, then a cop walked in my house today with a warrant because he missed a court date for said charge. I was literally about to spark a bowl of weed(illegal in my state) midway through the cop arresting him a foot or so away(had TV volume up pretty loud, got up when the show ended). Three months in, second year of a lease, I'd be willing to store his shit until he can get it, won't charge him for next month."
2070,"AITA for telling my mother to throw yogurt away? While my mother, her boyfriend and my sister are what I call ""not that hygienic"" I am kind of... the opposite, I am you could call obsessed with it, probably because of this environment. They don't wash their hands after they toilet, eat with their hands after touching raw meat or eggs, type on their phone while also handling raw chicken... yeah you get it. Well today my mother wanted to make a salad for her and my sister, I was in the kitchen at the same time and noticed how she looked into a cup of yogurt that had already been opened. There was mold on the sides of the yogurt, so she took a kitchen towel and quickly wiped it away, then she noticed me watching. ""It's still good, you only have to remove the mold"" I just look at her and go ""No... you can't eat that anymore, mold has spores which spread out, this yogurt has gone bad.."" she gives me a sceptical look and is about to dump that yogurt into the salad ""Look, you can remove the mold from hard cheese or other things with a low water content, but things like yogurt can't be used anymore after they got moldy"" after I said this, she gets pretty angry, throws the yogurt in the trash and goes ""I will **never** buy this again, all you and your sister do is let things get moldy and then **I** have to throw them away! And with you always making a fuss about everything I have to throw even more away!"" I haven't even eaten yogurt in the past few months.. but hours later she is still pissed about this, am I in the wrong..? I doubt it but... was that yogurt still edible?"
2071,"AITA for being worried about my promotion? **So backstory**: my girlfriend and I have been arguing about my large ego. She doesn't like it when I'm egotistical in any way, and I think I do have an ego problem. I don't think it's as bad as she makes it out to be, but I'm definitely compensating for insecurities of thinking that I'm not good enough. **Background on the company:** The company I work for is really prestigious, and a lot of smart people work here. It's also huge, around 200,000 employees. The promotion system is very competitive. You get a score/ranking out of 10 from your direct manager. This score is the average of probably 10 different scores (think customer service survey). Your score is then compared to the scores of everyone else, regardless of who your manager is. There are probably around 400 people across 50 different managers that I'm competing against. This rating is important to your promotion but NOT everything (prob 25% of the decision). Anyways. I've been working really hard for my promotion at my job. I recently got my score rating which was 9/10. However, there are a lot of people who have 10/10. I'm in the top 30%. I told my girlfriend that I'm happy about my score, but I'm worried about whether or not I get promoted because I'm not at the tip-top. There are many people who have 10/10. Now it's fair to be worried that I'm not at the top of the top. But I am also worried about unfairness between managers. I think that every manager has a different rating system. Some managers give 10/10 for all categories if an employee does above average. Other managers are more strict and think a 10/10 is reserved only for the best of the best. If you get a manager who's strict, then you're compared with more lenient managers. So I think that sometimes, a person who is promoted might not be as good as someone who is not promoted. So here's the problem. My girlfriend thinks that my way of thinking is very egotistical. I DO NOT think I am the best, and frankly I don't really care about being the best. I care only about how the decision-makers think of me. And I only care about that for my promotion, to get a higher pay and to advance further in my career. I do not care if people love or hate me. As long as I get promoted. I also know and acknowledge that many people in the company are better than me. I just would not be happy with a situation where I do not get promoted, and it's not because I was actually worse, but because of a flawed system. I am not the only one who thinks that the system is flawed. **Please take what I say about myself with a grain of salt.** I know you are all seeing my side of things, so please let me know if I'm just spouting bullshit and I'm actually an egotistical bastard."
2072,"AITA for not throwing away an empty container? So I stayed with my parents for a couple of days (as I live in a different city and came by to visit).My mother asked me to pour some motor oil which she had already bought in her car so I did and proceeded to leave the empty plastic container on one of the shelves in the garage as I was in a hurry and didn't have time to throw it away and didn't think much of it. Later on today about 1 day later she she parks her car in the garage and I proceed to help her with some stuff out of the car and notice there is grease all over the back seats, so I ask her while shes holding the empty bottle in her hand if it was on the back seat and then she notices that it had grease all over it from when I poured it. Me thinking it would be extremely obvious to anything who grabbed the bottle that it had oil all over it didn't think anyone would put it in their car in the first place. She then proceeds to get really angry and fussy at me blaming me for not throwing it away. Am I really at fault here or is she being totally unreasonable?"
2073,AITA for getting upset at someone bullying children? I made a post on cringeanarchy that was this creepy neckbeard taking a picture with Eleven from Stranger things and had her sign a pornographic picture of her. Someone in the comments said something along the lines of “I don’t get how someone can be attracted to her when she looks like boy” and then called Finn Wolfhard a ratface. I confronted him and told him I didn’t post it to have people bully the kids because I know Finn uses reddit and I don’t want them seeing that shit and getting hurt. Suddenly he’s telling me that I’m sexist against boys even though I’m a guy? And that I took his words out of context and him calling Millie a boy and Finn a ratface isn’t bullying. Then someone else chimes in calling me and overreacting “faggot”. It doesn’t bother me just annoys me and I’m wondering if I actually took it out of context or if he’s just being a prick. I’m not going to link the comment because I don’t want to start witch hunts but it’s in my comment history if anyone was curious to get some context before passing judgement. I know they’re celebrities and I have no connection to them but it just irks me when people pick on little kids who are just doing what they love.
2074,"AITA for telling my work friend who self invited her self she can’t come on a self therapy trip with my sister in law and I. My ( soon) sister in law let’s call her June for privacy purposes just broke up with her boyfriend of 7 Years and wants to go on a vacation with just me to vent. One day he came home to their house told her to pack her stuff and leave then ghosted her with no explanation. June has been not handling this well at all and is becoming very depressed and the family is starting to become worried about it. June asked me if we could go on a girls week get away so she can vent, cry, have fun all the emotions with me whom she’s really close too. At work one day i started talking about the trip and my co worker/friend started talking about how her and her friend were going away to same area that same week and it would be awesome to meet up. I figured that works I’ll go with June and one or two of the days get together with my work friend let’s call her Mary. Now fast forward a week later she is no longer going with her friend and has now invited her self along with June and I. She’s been telling everybody about the trip sending me links on flights and hotels and is very excited. The problem here is June and Mary don’t know each other and June wanted to be able to cry be upset vent and this trip was solely for her. I know June would not want Mary to be with us the whole time and she would be uncomfortable venting and discussing all the issues she’s been having. Am I the asshole for telling mary she cannot come on this trip with us as it was just for my sister in law and I and if she wanted find somebody else to go we could meet up?"
2075,"AITA for blocking the driver's door of someone who parked in multiple spaces? This morning when I got to college I saw someone parked a good 2-3 feet into a second space. The parking lot was completely full except for this space. Since I drive a small car, I as able to park in a way that blocked their driver's side door while remaining perfectly within the lines myself. I did not touch their car in any way. Since it was first thing in the morning there is almost no way they were parked like that because to had to because of another car. Even if they had, I see that as irrelevant because if you can't fit in a space you shouldn't be parking there. If you want to see a picture of it to have a better idea of what I'm talking about, I've posted it in other subreddits so it's in my post history. Am I the asshole?"
2076,"AITA With This Housecleaning Job? I live with my fiance (both in our 40s) and I haven't had a steady income for awhile, but I have 2 bills that NEED to be paid monthly. I put an ad of sorts on facebook looking for local housecleaning jobs. A neighbor/friend of ours contacted me. They wanted me to clean their 5 room house every other week for $40. My first day was Dec. 22. Their house is mostly hardwood floors and linoleum except for their bedroom that's carpeted. They have 2 long-haired dogs who shed a LOT and a cat in the house. Now, on day 1, Dec. 22--I go into the house...it's VERY small. With other house cleaning jobs I've had, I always work top to bottom, left to right in rooms. When no one is around I will NOT climb on anything to clean (broke a wrist falling off a chair once). I always save the bathroom for last. Their house was COVERED in dog hair as well as their cloth furniture. They have a small Shark vacuum that you have to dump every two minutes...seriously. The bathroom was HORRIBLE! There was literally SHIT AND PISS all over the floor between the toilet and the shower. Had to clean it on my hands and knees. They have ""hard"" water and there is rust all in the shower. Got that the best I could, too. I cleaned there again on the 5th of Jan. The wife was home that time. I got to where I needed to vacuum and the vacuum kept clogging up so much even before the chamber needed dumped that it was overheating. Wrestled with it...she and I both...and I was there an extra hour. I cleaned again on the 19th of Jan. Everything looked great, but that vac does NOT pull up dog hair that well. I'd already been there over 3hrs and did the best I could. Keep in mind, this is all for $40 every two weeks. The lady calls me tonight (I'm supposed to go back on Friday Feb 2). She tells me she's not pleased that I can't get all the pet hair out of her furniture and the one area rug looked like shit last time. She's also pissed that I can't get a chair and climb up to clean out the light fixtures. I told her I refused to climb on furniture like that when no one is around because I don't want to fall. (If I fell in her house and got hurt, she'd be responsible for bills to a point, right?) She's also pissed that not all of the LITERAL shit and piss did not all come up off of her bathroom floor and the walls of the shower still have rust stains. For $40 and my time, I have done the BEST possible job I can do. They do NO maintenance on the housework that's already been done in the time I'm not there. With dogs that shed the way their dogs shed, they honestly should vacuum or sweep"
2077,"AITA for telling my mum she is a hypocrite for blocking my wifi? So I think that my mum is a hypocrite because she blocked my wifi (because she says I need to study more) and because she caught me on my phone at night. It is true that I spend a long time on my phone but I enjoy it, and I don’t do anything bad, I don’t give out personal info or spend money. I understand if she just blocked the wifi at night, but why can’t I have some time in the day? I don’t have anything against her internet use, everyone can do what they like in their spare time. She spends at least 3 hours a day on her phone and 3 hours per night watching TV. She doesn’t really work or do much stuff in the day (she isn’t a housewife, we have a maid). In the summer she watches TV from 8 pm to 3 am continuously (she is watching one very long show). My stepdad spends all time after work watching TV, using a laptop or phone, from 4 pm to 1 am (not continuously, he eats dinner, then continues). He just spends his spare time in the “lounge room” with some gadget in hand. They don’t do anything productive online and my stepdad plays competitive games (where you build an empire and defend it and the football games). I also waste time online and I have nothing against their hobbies, I just think they’re treating me unfairly. I go to school full-time and have music lessons, I feel like I deserve a few hours a day just to relax, like they do. I don’t mind that they use the internet, everyone can do what they like, but my mum thinks she is entitled to the internet (and she spends crazy amounts online shopping) but I’m not. Her excuse - I don’t study- isn’t valid because I just sleep or draw with no wifi, I just don’t want to study. I told her all of this and she just said “you’re addicted to the internet so I took it away from you and you’re ungrateful” and left. So can you tell me if its right that I get no internet and she spends hours on it? I think we should both be able to do what we like and that it’s unfair that I’m an “internet addict” but she spends so much time online and on the TV and she is not one. TLDR: Mum spends total of 6 hours of electronics, dad too but they cut my wifi because apparently I’m the “internet addict”. I told my mum she is a hypocrite but she doesn’t agree. Is she a hypocrite?"
2078,"AITA for not congratulating an estranged friend on his engagement? This is more of a ""Would I be an asshole if I didn't?"" situation. I guess. So, a couple friends and I had a podcast together. I wanted to lessen my role and they wanted to try to take it to the next level. I didn't want to invest that kind of time or money in something that I didn't feel would be worth it. I was happy just keeping it a fun thing I did with friends, but could tell we weren't all feeling the same way about it. Plus other issues like scheduling problems, and some personality conflicts caused me to tell the other guys that I wanted to back out of the podcast more or less indefinitely. They never responded to a long email I sent them detailing things, but were keeping up with a group text message we had going. Next thing I know they stop responding to the group message entirely. Essentially I haven't heard from them in almost eight months at this point, and we used to all talk multiple times daily. We're still friends on FB, and recently I saw that one of them got engaged. I'm feeling like I could be the bigger person here and text him saying congrats, because regardless of what else is going on, it's a big life change. But on the other hand, I feel like this might be the opportunity to cut ties completely and just move on from the friendship, leaving it all in the past. I'm happier now without them breathing down my neck and making me feel like shit for changing my whole life around the stupid podcast. I'm more fulfilled with other social circles that support my life decisions and don't question my priorities I set for myself. Not sure what to do here. I feel like the answer is obvious, and even though it might be, I'm not sure that's what I'm going to do. Either way, I'm just curious what the objective opinion in general is."
2079,"AITA for putting a girl through hell for over a year? This all started about 18 months ago, I was a naive 19 year old college student without much experience with girls. I ended up at a party with a girl who I had been interested in for a bit, but didn't know all too well. She was older, she was extremely intelligent, but she had something about her that I just wanted to be apart of. We kicked it off instantly, talked all night, and I felt we had more in common than I had with anyone to this point. We started hanging out pretty regularly, texting non stop, and within 2 weeks we had plans to go to our schools greek formal together. Things started to get rocky, It quickly became clear (and by this I mean I was told straight up on multiple occasions) that we wanted different things. She was clear that she didn't want a relationship, and while I didn't really know what I wanted, I was always uneasy about the idea of her shutting this down. She had at times alluded to this being the result of something about past relationships, but we never talk about it, but not for lack of trying. This all culminated when I stupidly gave her an ultimatum to either reconsider or be done. She didn't answer, I left, hoping she reach out but she didn't. We didn't talk for at least a month, until I eventually broke down and called her. We met up, she cried, I apologized, and she agreed to give me another chance, if I accepted that we were not going to be serious in the way I wanted. This happened again and again. I made her cry more times than I can count. By this point were spending more time completely avoiding each other than we are being friends. Midway through the second semester of last year, we had not talked for probably around 2 months, another formal was coming up. I have no intention of going, but then a friend of mine, who happens to be in the same sorority as the girl in question has her date bail the day before, so I took her. Unbeknownst to me the two don't get along. So I brought the friend. Did I do it to make the first girl jealous? Probably if I'm being honest, but at this point I had no reason to think the first girl had any real feelings, or that she would be hurt by this. She did, and she was. This causes a huge issue between the two of them and their sorority as a whole, and puts them both through stress that I can't empathize enough. Leading up to the last few weeks of the school year, and I see the first girl in public for the first time In a while. Im too scared to approach so, being me I text her. She answers, and while reluctant to give me a chance, she eventually lets me take her our,"
2080,"AITA for not wanting my musician roommate to record and have music lessons in the house? I live in a house with three other people. The guy roommate moved out here to become a famous musician/dj. To me he's very entitled and privileged. His parents pay for everything and he doesn't have a real job. He's always home and always singing, humming or playing guitar. He never asked if he could record his album in his room or if he could conduct music lessons in his room or our living room. He just tells you it's happening. Our landlord's sister lives in the house with us in the largest room that connects to the living room. He usually has his music lessons in the living room and would wake her up. She wouldn't say anything (she's really sweet) but would go out of her room and start getting ready for her day. He told her recently that when he has music lessons that she cannot come out of her room. She either has to stay in there or be out by the time his student gets here. He said it was too awkward to have her come out during his lesson. Furthermore he has quite a large speaker set up in his room where his bass rattles my walls. He often has low music playing until midnight on but the bass would make it sound like someone was knocking on my wall. He also likes to sing late at night. I work from home and enjoy peace and quiet. Sometimes I play my music but it's hardly ever loud until recently when I started conducting sound wars against him. Today he is having his music lessons in his room and I'm fucking livid. I don't want to hear him day in and day out. Mind you, I'm rarely at this house anyway because my boyfriend lives alone & I'm sick of always hearing this guy. This roommate and I got into a fight over a week ago when he asked if he could start recording his album two hours a day. I politely asked if he could wait until I got off at work at 5pm and he said no because everyone else gets home from work and he needs peace and quiet to record. I asked if he could add a lot more sound proofing to his room and he flatly said no. He told me because my work schedule is from 11-8pm that I take up too much of the day with my quiet. I told him I cannot control my schedule but he can. I bought a sound proofing door thing but it doesn't help & I don't think I should have to shell out on sound proofing foam when he's the one making noise. I don't know if this is truly blind rage at this point so please give me your honest opinions. tldr; roommate is a musician & refuses to soundproof his room but wants to record an album and has music lessons at our house. I"
2081,"AITA for not being impressed when that boy tried to impress me? I apologize in advance for my lack of vocabulary. This morning, a boy tried to impress me out of nowhere. He said ""Konnichiwa"" and did some martial arts shits in front of me. I was weary of his cringey show. I bluntly told him ""My pussy is unavailable. It would never be wet for you anyway."" Then he scorned at me and called me a slut. AITA?"
2082,AITA If I tell on my coworker for working less than 40hrs a week since November? We work in the engineering department that is under staffed there’s only 3 of us right now. Our manager/director of the department put in his notice after thanksgiving and one of the engineers I work with has taken the lack of supervision as a chance to work less than 40hrs. At first it didn’t bother me because holidays his birthday etc. but he took a vacation and missed an extra day for his kid shoving a rock in his nose... he’s come in late other days for uh no reasons. He does manage to show up by 8am (we start at 6am cuz manufacturing) but that’s only because there’s a plant meeting at 8am. Meanwhile I’ve been picking up slack since November working 50-60 hours a week and most Saturdays trying to make sure things aren’t missed by his slacking. I know most of us would think stop picking up slack. Issue is that the project is critical to the business and if it fails we will have bigger problems. And to add to this they are considering him for a promotion. Anyways to wrap this up. I’d obviously like have the burden of work shared and let the upper management know the issue. But I don’t want to come off as an asshole. Do I continue on like this or do something different? TL/DR Coworker is salary and comes and goes as he pleases causing more work for those that work with him. We don’t have a manager at the moment. Should I tell on him?
2083,"AITA For being suspicious of my girlfriend going out with a guy friend? So a bit of back story: I've known this girl for a few months and she's honestly perfect, like she's everything i'd ever hope for in a girlfriend. But about a month in to our relationship she was at a house party and got super drunk and super high and cheated on me. She says it wasn't intentional and she was heartbroken when we broke up. So a few weeks go past and we starting talking about it and long story short, we're back together (I know, im a mug). But she just told me that on Friday she is going to a nightclub with one of her guy friends and a bunch of other people that she doesn't know, and she also plans on getting super fucked up. She had been pretty secretive of who she was going with all week but she only says that's because she thinks i'd go mental if she told me, which I inevitably did. Am I the asshole for not trusting her to go out with other guys?"
2084,"WIBTA if I left my house before my boyfriend got home to stay at a friends house... because I want to avoid my boyfriend? We live together and we’re currently fighting. We have extreme differences in opinion when it comes to politics, which I can ignore most of the time. I don’t think anybody is perfect and I know he would never hurt anybody. Sometimes he makes comments about groups that include me though, and I can’t help my feelings when that happens. I am aware that this is a little selfish- to ignore bad behavior until it effects me, I already know I’m a bit of an asshole for that. Now that I’ve told him that he hurt my feelings and I don’t agree with what he is saying he has gotten very angry. This man is almost always incredibly sweet and loving to me. He supports my goals/dreams, he brings me to places I need to go when I can’t get there myself, he cooks my favorite meals for me and shares his deepest parts of his heart with me. I love him, but he’s really hurt me today and I don’t know if I want to be here when he gets home. EDIT: Since posting we easily made up with equal apologies all around before I left the house. I still left the house for the night, because I still wanted space. Aside from him being angry, sometimes I bring up fights again a few hours later because I’m still stewing about it. Best to keep my distance for now to accept his apology fully."
2085,"AITA when I won't change dorm rooms so my roommate can live his his friend? The way the dorms work is, each dorm is a loft with two rooms, each room with two people. My roommate (John) asked if I could move to the dorm next door so he could room with his friend (Jake). I have been in this dorm all year, and John just moved in two weeks ago. When I asked John why he couldn't try and switch with Jake's roommate, John said that Jake doesn't get along with his own dormmates. I really like my current living situation, and I know I'm not obliged to switch rooms just so John could bunk with his friend, but I feel like an asshole for not wanting to switch. I know this isn't the best explanation, so if you have questions, please ask."
2086,"AITA for asking my roommate to use headphones? I’m currently in the university dorms, and my roommate likes to watch YouTube and Netflix without headphones. Usually this is fine, but his schedule is a lot later than mine—he’ll watch videos until 2:30 or 3 in the morning. I asked him to use headphones and he said something noncommittal but didn’t use them. I know the room is as much his space as it is mine, so would I be the asshole here for asking him to use headphones?"
2087,"AITA For teasing someone who has a crush on me? I met this girl in one of my college classes. She's not the most attractive woman, but she's not downright ugly either. Maybe slightly below average. I asked for her phone number at the start of the semester because I thought she seemed cool, but I never went out of my way to text her. Almost every day she comes up to me and says hi. She's always asking me questions about my life. She never stops trying to talk to me. I have never texted her first, yet she's always texting me asking for help in the class or just some stupid question. It's extremely obvious that she has a crush on me. Anyways, the other day she was rambling on about who knows what, and I thought it would be funny to tease her. I don't remember exactly what I said, but it was something like ""Can you please stop talking? I know you want my dick, but it's never going to happen."" and she got mega pissed and called me an asshole and said she didn't like me that way. I told her it was just a joke and she got even more pissed and said I should have just apologized. So, am I an asshole? I thought it was pretty clear that what I said was a joke, even if I did kind of mean it. It wasn't like I called her ugly or insulted her."
2088,"AITA telling my mom she's abandoning because she doesn't want me to happy? I've been off work for the past few weeks due to a major mental breakdown. I have a long history with anxiety and depression but this is the first time it's really affected my worklife. I was suppose to return at the beginning of this week but I just wasn't ready. Fast forward to home, I tell my mom (I still live with her) and she FREAKS. She tells me that she won't go to work while I sit at home and do nothing and that I'm kicked out if I don't go back today (this isn't the first time btw, she did this at the beginning of the breakdown as well). I'd understand her point of view...if she supported me which she doesn't. I pay my part of the rent, I buy my own food, I pay for cable and internet for both of us. Ontop of that, I have a significant amount in my savings. She'll never have to give me a dime. She never understood what's it like to deal with depression, a year or two ago I was in really bad shape and told her I was thinking about killing myself and her reply was ""get over"" I know there's nothing on a emotional or personal level I can say to change her mind after that day. Back to the today, she tells me to not be home when she gets back, I immediately tell her how stubborn and horrible she is and that family is suppose to be supportive no matter what. She promptly told me to leave. That's the end of the story. I'm more than likely being kicked out for real this time around with nowhere to go but i'd like to know if I'm the asshole and should apologize in a last ditch effort?"
2089,AITA- Deliberately driving 5 mph because some on was speeding behind me in a residential neighborhood. I know it doesn't sound good but let me explain. I live on the one street that a 1000 home subdivision uses to exit to the main road 3 blocks away. The speed limit is 25mph but people haul ass up and down that street. Every member of my family and some people who come to vist have nearly gotten run over just crossing the street. [The incident] I was forf some reason coming from another direction toward my house when one of these drivers comes hauling ass behind me and tail gates me. Well I did what any good Christian would slowed down to a crawl and moved to the middle of the lane. Now I'm sure they could have been a doctor . Or having a heart attack or something but I'll be damned if I didn't do it well past my house until a very long mandatory left where they hauled ass past me telling me I was number on. I may have found my new hobby of slowly looking for addresses as I cruise up and down my street.
2090,"AITA for not informing my close friend when visiting friends in the same building? To preface: We're both in college. I live in a dorm of roughly 400~? They live in a special cluster housing of around 40 with some other mutual friends. I'll refer to the friends I visited as Anon's and them as Bnon. By close friends, we have known each other since college and keep a regular SnapStreak (which, I guess doesn't mean much but we talk daily.) A couple nights ago around midnight (it's college), I was walking around campus and decided on a whim to check up on some of my friends. I knew they were up because their SnapStory had recently updated so I messaged them to open the door for me to their housing. It was pretty late and we couldn't make much noise but I was chatting with Anon's about the recent Winter Break and other miscellaneous things. I had stayed for around an hour when Bnon, who lived in the same housing, came up to visit Anon for something, I'm not sure. Upon seeing me chatting with Anon's, they seemed fairly shocked and didn't say a word before leaving. I thought this was pretty unusual but continued chatting with A's as usual. A bit later when I was leaving around 1:30 AM, Bnon messaged me and to paraphrase, said it made them upset and asked me to imagine some close friends going to visit your building and directly going to other people and never bothering to tell you. Now, to me, I replied saying it was pretty late and didn't want to disturb Bnon if they were sleeping. Second, I live in a larger dorm and often have mutual friends, close or not, visit all the time to the building and generally I'm not notified they're around unless they bump into me or specifically want to meet up. Also, I would generally post a Snap on my Story or something so if you were up, you could always visit after the fact without me being intrusive and directly messaging you whenever I came around. Bnon replied by saying this was entirely different from the norm of all other friendships they've ever had in their life. And also asked me to ask others about their opinion on the situation (Therefore Reddit). To sum up the rest of it, I apologized for not knowing their standard and they apologized for the misunderstanding. However, I was still curious if this is something I was expected to do and AITA for not informing my close friend when visiting?"
2091,"AITA: For wanting to file a complaint against the bus driver? (More in the comments) I'm on my way to work waiting at the bus stop in the rain. Its scheduled to get there at 4:04pm but it normally gets there at like 4:10-4:15pm because of traffic, that's fine I get it no problem. I left my house at 3:56pm to make sure I didn't miss it in case it was on time and I got there at 4:00pm. The bus rolled through at 4:08, I'm standing literally right next to the bus stop sign. Diver passed me and I calle metro at 4:09 to file a complaint (this has happend multiple times and I was pissy because I waited in the rain) the person I spoke to said that they'd call the driver to see if he could come back. He did and I was thinking, ""Cool, its all good, I'm not going to be late and I'm getting a ride, that's all that matters"". Then I spoke to the driver. &nbsp; At this point I had been waiting in the rain for half an hour and it looked like he was going to pass me again with how far he stopped after the bus stop. I saw him the first time he drove though and he passed me in the past. I remember because before when he passed me I ran after the bus and banged on the side of it and he kept going. The guy halfway opens the door and asked why I called to file a complaint. I told him that he passed me and he said that he didn't believe me because the area was wide open and it would be hard to miss someone (but he managed to do it twice). The last words he said to me were ""I don't believe you"". Didn't ever say ""My bad"", ""Sorry I did't see you"" (even though I was next to the fucking sign), or even ""Damn must have just missed you"". AITA for wanting to still file a complaint?"
2092,"AITA for wearing headphones at dinner? Music really helps me calm down but my Mum get pissed off if I listen to it at the table, whether through headphones or out loud (which I did because I thought she was annoyed that I was not being inclusive). It’s not like I can’t still hear her while I’m using them but she still gets annoyed by it, even though it just makes eating meals so much nicer."
2093,"AITA for wanting to stick around? So last night, my brother and I were at my schools winter concert which I was performing in. I had some friends (and a crush) in the audience that I wanted to talk to after the show. After my act (I was opening), I sat back down in the audience. I saw my friends but I couldn’t go to them because they were near the front and I was at the back. About halfway into the show, my brother tells me that we’re going to leave soon. I tell him that I want to stay because my friends are in the audience and I want to talk to them afterwards. He starts telling me that we are going home and I start getting genuinely pissed. I tell him that he’s an asshole for trying to make me go home after I sung in front of all of my friends. He then says that I’m the asshole because I’m forcing him to stay at school when he wants to go home. In the end, though, we did stay. And although I did get what I wanted, I think it’s important to know if I was the asshole."
2094,AITA driving a moped Look i know that its slow but i drive as far to the rigth as possible its cheaper smaller and gets better milage than a car. But i feel like i sometimes hold up traffic
2095,"AITA for hating my ex-bestfriend? When I first moved to my current state from another in middle school, I only made one friend, John. John was my only and best friend, but he was a complete bully. He would make fun of me, hurt me, steal my stuff, and spread rumors about me. When we got to high school, John got a girlfriend. He completely abandoned me for her, I never talked to him anymore. I sat alone at lunch that entire year. Now, I have a very close friend group that I sit with at lunch, and John has decided he wants to sit with us. He wants to be my friend again, but he still is the same bully he always was. All he does is make fun of everyone at the table. I've told him multiple times that if he wants to be my friend, he will have to stop being mean to me and my friends. I want nothing to do with him at this point. Am I the asshole for wanting to cut off my ex best friend completely?"
2096,"AITAH for kicking a customer out of my business? I manage a small retail business and I am the sole employee. Therefore I make most important decisions and the 2 owners give me quite a bit of freedom in those choices. Yesterday during my shift I had a customer who began to rant about how disgusting transgender people in our community are. This rant came out of nowhere and none of it was directed towards me. That being said, when the man asked for my agreement and validation I responded that “Here we don’t subscribe to that type of insensitive and indecent commentary and I would very much appreciate it if you left”. Am I the asshole?"
2097,"AITA for introducing two people to each other? So I invited my cousin to a gathering between my friends. There, one of my friends who happens to be the ex of a good and old friend of mine was present. The girl and my old friend went out for 5 years and split up couple of months ago. Since then he started seeing someone. Now in this gathering my cousin and my friend's ex hit it off, they went home together and they're hanging out since then. Drunken me posted this to the group we have between 3 people, so I let my friend know about the situation even before it happened. For the last couple of weeks he didn't answer my texts, he didn't write anything in the group and he didn't pick up my phone call(I called once). Am I the asshole for introducing my cousin and his ex?"
2098,"AITA for kicking my dog out at night? My husband inherited this sweet and incredibly intelligent border collie from an uncle who died recently. Chewy is darling and wants nothing but our love. I, on the other hand, find it difficult to love anyone (even adorable doggos) as deeply. It takes me time...a long time. I get over whelmed easily and I don't like affection unless it's from and for one person..that being my hubby. Chewy needs *lots* of affection and spazzes out on me..jumpy on me, rubbing his face on mine and lays on top of me. It's really super sweet and a part of me likes it but I just get very fussy. Well, I also have a thing about ""mouth noises"". I hate the sound of a wet mouth or chewing..""hate"" is a severe understatement. Chewy often sleeps in our room by our bed and has been since he moved in with us a few months ago. He gets itchy and bites himself like any other dog and it also just seems to be a nervous habit. I drives me fucking INSANE and I can't sleep. Tonight I had to close (1:30am) and it's hard enough for me to wind down for sleep. Then Chewy starts his lickin and bitin and I'm just so frustrated that I want to cry. So in times like these, I kick him out of our room and he sleeps in the hallway. I feel bad because I do want him in here and I know he can't help it. I worry it makes him sad... ugh just tell me I'm a dick. I need to hear it."
2099,"AITA for not wanting my girlfriend to share a bed with another man? So I started dating my girlfriend in June. We have a lot in common and I'm honestly in love with her. Last night, she had a sleepover with one of her male friends. I don't know him very well but he's a good guy. When I texted her late at night, she replied that she was in her bed. When I asked where he was sleeping, she casually said that he was sleeping beside her. Now that was kind of a shock to me. I know they used to share a bed sometimes before we started dating but I assumed that she wouldn't do that anymore. I tell her that I was uncomfortable with it and she immediately went to sleep on the living room couch. I fully trust her but just the thought of her sharing a bed with another man fills me with unease. I kept feeling guilty all night because of it. Am I just old fashioned? Am I an asshole for not being comfortable with my girlfriend sharing a bed with another man? Edit: Had a talk with her. She initially got a little angry because she thought I wasn't trusting her to be faithful, but then she understood that boundaries had to be set. This whole thing has just confused me about my own feelings. After reading the comments, I'm questioning whether I have puppy love for her. Maybe it'll change over time."
2100,AITA for acknowledging some kids are really ugly? I work in a public place that children frequently visit. I'm always polite and courteous but I can't help being surprised at how abnormal some of the kids I see look. Why are their eyes so far apart? Why do they have such huge purple bags? Why is their face already sagging? For all I know these kids are just really sick or have some cephalic-condition. I'm never mean to them but I feel like a really big asshole because I don't find them cute like other children.
2101,"AITA for getting angry at my gf Lets call her Y and him (not me) X. **""Pre""-Story** My gf and I live in different cities, two hours apart. So we play an online game and X joines our guild and discord server. We have a great time together but I start to lose intrest in the game, they keep playing it. They get to know each other more and more and chill on discord on a daily basis. They get along really well, she admits X has become her best friend. Time passes by, X admits that he fell in love with her, she tells me about it and says that she told him that they are not gonna happen. Somehow they are still friends, they even married in that game and have ""couple"" mounts. (Though she says the marriage was only to teleport to each other). I dont really get why they are still friends. And I kind of hate him at this point. I rarely log onto that discord server. Some more time passes, we are in the present now. **Present** She is going to visit me this month, we planned to go to the cinema on 17th. Today she told me X is going to visit her in her city and we have to watch that movie on 16th. He is gonna stay there 5 fucking days, which made me hella angry and sorta rage at her and now shes angry that I'm angry because from her pov, I don't have a point. She told me he drives for 8 hours so it makes no sense to only stay for 2 days. She thinks he has gotten over her because he also bootcalls other chicks but meh. **Aita?** I got super mad at her but idk, it doesnt really make much sense to me, she told me that she doesnt have many friends (neither do I) and I deduce that she just wants him as a friend to have a friend? Idk maybe I'm just an asshole. What do you think?"
2102,"AITA for being pushy on a kiss my girlfriend has anxiety, so she likes to keep and hide to herself. She spent 2 weeks to herself without talking to me besides a bit after school. We hungout Friday and had a great time and after walking we drove home. Atia for being pushy and wanting a kiss and waited until she did kiss me (then kissing 4 more times). I know she doesnt like pda (even thougb we're in a car) but i barely saw her for 2 weeks. She complained today claiming i was clingy(and have done this before) and said to stop doing that."
2103,"AITA for being mad at my sister So, my sister and I have not been friends since she became a teenager. She is now 30 and I am 25. She had a lot of body image issues growing up that resulted in a bad depression and her lashing out at me and she never really moved past it. I try to keep in mind that she does have a mental health issue which is why I feel like I may be a bad person for this. A couple of years ago my mum was diagnosed with a very bad lung condition. Basically she has been deteriorating over the years and had recently reached the point where she needed oxygen 24/7. This is has been really difficult for me as a live a few states over and flying down can be expensive so I don't get to see my family that often. A couple of days ago my mum got the call that she was getting a lung transplant. Both during and post surgery it has been a highly emotional time. The thing is, my mum has said that she doesn't want me to come down for another few months and I have respected that. My sister still lives at home though. Through this whole process my sister has been able to visit mum, help around the house, run errands for dad, basically do all sorts of things to help. I meanwhile have not been able to do anything. ICU wont allow computers or phones so I haven't even been able to speak to her yet. Today I called the house to see if my parents had considered setting up a go fund me page as a number of people had approached me about wanting to contribute. My sister told me that she didn't think that would be a good idea but when I mentioned it to my dad, he told me he loved the idea and to go ahead. About an hour later, I got a text from my sister saying that she had gone ahead and set one up anyway because she heard dad liked the idea. This is where it may seem really petty. I haven't been able to help in any way this whole process. I feel like I have been sitting impotently at home and its killing me. This has been the only way that I had a way of doing something helpful and she took that away from me. We had even had a conversation earlier about how helpless I was feeling so this shouldn't be a surprise to her. So reddit, am I the asshole? TLDR; My mum got sick. She lives too far away. Only one way I could help and my sister did it instead. I spent the next half hour crying my eyes out because I cant do anything."
2104,"AITA for not driving my bf to work? Hey So for background, my bf used to work in the city. He would get a bus straight there and that was perfect for him. I work in the opposite direction to the city. I drive about 15 minutes to work and that's great for me. I've been telling my bf to get his drivers licence (he's 21) for about a year now. He was working part time and so easily had the time to do it, but he wasn't bothered. So this week, he finds out he got a offered a better job with better pay and better hours, pretty near where I work. It's about a 15 minute drive with no traffic from where I work. I ask how he will get to work every morning and he says ""I would have to get 2 buses, but I was hoping you would drive me there every morning"". I immediately shut that down, telling him I would have to drive 30 minutes to bring him to work, then 15 minutes back to my work. That's 30 minutes extra driving every morning and I was not okay with that. That's not even mentioning the fact that we font live together, and so I would have to drive 10 minutes on top of that to collect him from his house. He was belittling the amount of time saying ""it's pretty much on your way"" and then stopped talking to me after he called me selfish. I told him that he should have gotten his driving licence months ago and it's not my fault he was too lazy to get his licence but then ignores me the rest of the day. Am I being unreasonable? Am I being selfish in valuing that 1 hour extra sleep every morning? Love to hear an outside perspective. Thanks."
2105,"AITA for feeling offended when my bf doesn’t listen to my suggestions? We’ve been together for a couple of years. Sometimes he’d have a problem or feel sick, then I’d give him some suggestion I think would help and he either ignores it or tells me why it’s a bad idea. But my problem is that after a few days or weeks he’ll come to tell me “the amazing idea one of his friends had” . And it’s exactly the same thing I had told him earlier. Today, when it happened again, I mentioned that that kind of attitude it’s hurtful/offensive to me. He proceeded to tell me that in that case he would just stop talking to me. (Because according to him I’m the asshole in this situation)"
2106,"AITA for wanting to move out of my house because of my roommate? My roommate Kat (age 24)and I (age 24)have been friends for 9-10 years now and recently decided to move in together with 2 other friends. Things were going well for the first 6 months or so, we even bought a dog together because we were so sure we would be living together for a while, but lately every time Kat is around I feel myself wanting to leave the room and it's leading me to believe I should move out when our lease is up. This is because I've noticed Kat treats me very differently than she treats others. She always speaks with a negative intonation to me; for example, when I say something like ""oh look Puppy is getting so much better at _____"" she will reply with, ""yeah, but she still sucks at this..."" I find this attitude very tiresome to be around, as I am someone suffering from depression and being around constant negativity is hard for me. Kat also treats me like I am a child sometimes and is super critical; if, for example, Im cutting some vegetables for a meal, and doing it in a way she doesnt like, she will criticize me for not cutting it her way. Kat is also defensive and never likes to admit she is wrong. When we get into an argument, even about small things, she will not believe she is in the wrong. One example I can think of is the other day when I told her I would be taking our dog our of town for 4 days to visit my family. We were texting about it and I said I would be taking the dog if that was okay with her and she replied with ""i guess."" then I said ""okay thank you!"" and she said ""read between the lines bro lol thats a long time to be gone."" I then gave her multiple reasons why it was a good idea that I took the dog (its only 4 days, she works a lot, she gets annoyed with the dog at bed time, etc). She replied with ""i didnt say dont take her, I was just making a comment."" Maybe it's just me, but the read between the lines comment seems like a roundabout way of trying to guilt me into not taking the dog. So i confronted her about this and said ""come on, Kat, your comment is basically telling me not to"" and she said ""its actually not, but alright."" so I thought about it for a second and replied ""try to think about it from my perspective... what did you expect would happen as a result of your comment? what did you hope I would say or do because of that? and then think of how your message COULD have been interpretted. i dont want conflict with you Kat, especially over the dog but honestly..."" she just replied with ""its fine"". I did not reply to her and have been trying to"
2107,"AITA:I Hate Poor People A friend and I got into a debate. We are both Latino. I'm Cuban and he is Mexican. I'm legal and he is not. My parents were very poor when they came here and my dad has worked hard to be successful (mother too) and we literally live the American dream. His family has always struggled because they are illegal. He tries to make me feel bad because my parents are successful and his had to struggle. I complain that my dad pays almost half into taxes and he's mad that I feel this way cause other people need the money and my dad should be happy to pay into the system because he's supposedly helping other people (he's a small business owner in California). I try to tell him that we come from humble beggings as well but it all gets dismissed because we werent illegal. But who's fault is that? I don't even feel bad for him. Like I do as a friend, I know it isn't easy and I know the system is fucked. Which is exactly why I don't like paying into a system that doesn't work. Am I the asshole? He tried to tell me that I hate poor people when that isn't the truth."
2108,"AITA for not wanting to leave a party in my own house? AITA for not wanting to leave a super bowl party at my house? So, kid is a senior in high school. He asked if I could have a super bowl party. Sure, his dad and I say. Today rolls around. I make dips and desserts. We are milking around and eventually settle into a couple chairs. When I get a text. Asking if they should move downstairs to the basement or whether we are going to continue to sit in the room with them. What? I respond that he’s being rude. He forwards a text from his friend asking why we’re here. He doesn’t feel they can curse freely. Why are they upstairs, he asks. Am I missing something? When we have couples over we don’t demand that our kids (both high school age) leave. Be honest - am I the asshole? I’m currently sitting in the kitchen. Evidently, out of sight out of mind. But I’m kinda irritated."
2109,"AITA For trying to influence what my sick sister eats? TLDR at the bottom. So this is a pretty long running situation with a lot of factors but I'll do my best to keep it short. First off my sister Anna's side of the story. She, among other things, has gastroparesis (she also has other problems that cause her to throw up, but this is the biggest one). So she throws up a lot. Generally once every 1-3 days and then once or twice a month she just throws up literally everything she eats for 3 days. When this ""flare up"" happens, she generally has to go to the hospital where they give her fluids and can administer drugs through IV. She also gets diarrhea during this so suppositories fail. She can sometimes weather them without the hospital. She lives with my mom, who is on disability, and my mom does her best to take care of my sister. But due to my mom's illness, she can't always. I live by myself but not far so I get called in to help a lot. I pay a few hundred dollars worth of bills every month for them and I take care of medical bills a lot (Yay US healthcare.) I also am who takes my sister to the hospital most of the time. Her flare-ups usually get the worst at night (but can happen at any time). So when she gets a flare up I usually will take her, the times she asks for help varies from 9PM - 2AM most often with hospital visits sometimes taking up to four hours depending on what's actually going on (US wait times, yay). So with that backstory let's get to the actual problem! I use a lot of my money and get in a decent amount of trouble for coming in late/missing days as a result of helping my sister. I get frustrated because I think she can do more to fight her issues. While her problems don't 100% go away from eating properly, eating like a dumpster compounds it. A couple years ago she tightly controlled her diet for a couple months and at one point went three weeks without throwing up! A freaking record! She laxed up a bit and didn't get as good as results, but still much better than before if she avoided certain foods. She did not like the new diet at all but stuck with it for awhile. She's now on year 5 of dealing with this problem, and all her willpower to eat properly has vanished. She will eat lots of junk food (which is god awful for her stomach), continue to eat crappy food when she can tell a flare-up is nearby, eats right after vomiting which often times prompts her to throw up a few minutes later and can cause a flare up, ect. To her, she doesn't really care if she goes to the hospital 1 time a month or 3. She doesn't work and isn't financially responsible for herself so to her, it"
2110,"AITA for not going on a trip to Disneyland with my friends. So basically a couple weeks back my (potentially former) best friend came up with the idea of going to Disneyland with two other pals (one of which she is going out with). I was down at first but then, as we started planning later on, I realised I couldn’t afford the trip as well as having a trip that I’m going on later this year to visit a friend from reddit across the world. My best friend came back to me with with a slightly lower price but I’d still only just be able to afford it and then I wouldn’t be able to go on this visit to the other friend. I’ve told my best friend this and she lost it, calling me selfish and stupid and saying that she’s done talking to me and won’t put up an effort in being my friend. I know for a fact that these other two friends are on her side (they’ve quite verbally shown this) and will talk to her and not me so I’m just having to sit in all my college classes silently on my own now. Am I being a dick for not wanting to go? I see these other friends all the time and have never properly met my reddit friend."
2111,"AITA for the way I dress I'm currently flatting, second year of university, 3 guys in the flat currently, been in it for 3 weeks So tonight at 10pm, I had been in bed for about 2 hours watching Netflix, having brushed my teeth etc all ready to sleep I decide to get up, pee, fill my drink bottle then return to bed My 2 flat mates are in the kitchen when I walk in there to fill my drink bottle, I'm in just my undies (how I sleep along with 90% of the male population) I go to leave when one of the flatmates says ""mehete put some clothes on, never come in here dressed like that"" Also in the past 2 weeks we've been in a heat wave (in NZ so it's summer) he has twice questioned me for being topless on the couch in the middle of the day (it was hot enough I was still sweating) Am I the asshole here with the way I've been dressing? (worth noting I'm an athlete so I don't have a disgusting body to see)"
2112,"AITA for hiding from my friends? In college. My three friends really love going out and partying on weekends, and always want me to go with them. I used to go out with them during the first few months of this school year, but I stopped because it just wasn’t my thing anymore. I wasn’t having as much fun as I was just drinking in my dorm. (EDIT: I don’t drink alone in my dorm. I spend time with my roommate when I do this, and we normally get into some pretty interesting conversations which is why I prefer it.) I have told them before (as soon as I realized I didn’t like it anymore) that I don’t want to go out, and still tell them every weekend that I don’t want to go out with them when they ask. Their response when I tell them no is always “why not?” which frustrates me because I have told them multiple times my reasoning. I understand they want me to have a good time with them, and I believe they want me to experience things that they will eventually bring up later in conversation so I get their jokes and such. Yet they’ve never really gone into detail about why they want ME to go with them so badly. Some weekends they’ll get impatient with me and insist that I need to go out with them for them to have fun. I tell them no, but they’ll keep nagging me about it throughout the day. When that happens, I hide in my room between 7pm to around 10pm, turn my phone off/ignore their calls, and then tell them I accidentally fell asleep and my phone died. I know lying isn’t morally good in any matter, but truly they get on my nerves with constant asking. In past situations, they’ve come to my dorm and banged on my (locked) door trying to get me to come with them. I just want to know why they won’t take no for an answer and if I’m being a dick for ignoring and lying to them. TL;DR: my friends always want me to go out, and when i say no they keep bugging me about it. I ignore them through the night until they’re already partying without me. AITA?"
2113,"AITA - For hating the presents my husband buys. Let me start by saying, giving/receiving gifts is a VERY big deal to me. I usually start months in advance when planning birthday presents. I keep a notebook for my kids/husband when they mention anything. It's important to me. I make a lot by hand, the rest I buy locally if I can. I believe in quality over quantity. My husband on the other hand, is the opposite. This past Christmas he didn't even know what we were getting our kids until we sat down to wrap them. Which I don't mind as much since I started shopping in September, again, it's a big deal. Then he just happens to throw something together every year for me. This Christmas he spent about an hour at Wal-Mart for everything. I hate Wal-Mart and everything it stands for. This year I literally gave him a wish list. He only bought one $6 item off the list. The rest, I don't even know what he was thinking. I haven't even taken one of them out of the box yet. For my birthday I, again, gave him a wishlist. He again, bought the cheapest item on the list, then went rouge for the rest of it. There's one item I've been begging for, for over a year. He doesn't buy that item but the knock off version, that surprise, broke before I could use it once. Yet he gets offended if I don't absolutely gush over the things he buys. He claims to have spent so much time picking it out but ten mins of reading shows that this product has bad reviews, and doesn't even come with all the parts required to set it up. However, if it's something HE wants then it's important to look into it. He spent three months building a new desktop making sure he researched everything. Money was no object. In fact he went $300 over our agreed budget like it was nothing, and I'm worth a $60 Wal-Mart trip? I finally told him to just stop buying me stuff, since he's just wasting time and money at this point. I usually suck it up, but I'm so annoyed and feel like I'm not even being listened to. But I guess maybe I'm the asshole? We both work full time, so it's not like he can even think of it like it's his money."
2114,"AITA for getting annoyed at my smart friend? i’ve been friends with this person for almost 4 years now. ever since school started, she’s been extremely driven and focused on her grades. it’s all she cares about. we take all the same classes and i do pretty good in school, she just does everything a bit better. on few occasions where i score higher on a test or get extra credit, she gets upset saying she deserves it too, or that she studied harder than i did, but i just shrugged it off previously. recently class ranks were released, and she’s been chewing my ear off about it. i told her i didn’t care, that i’m not going to go out of my way and ask, and that i think class ranks only really matter if you’re at the bottom (which the both of us aren’t in) she always “jokes” about failing and how she didn’t study and how dumb she is, but scores the highest in the class, while sometimes i do bad on a test or assignment. it doesn’t feel great, but i’ve ignored it and it’s been getting on my nerves for a few years now. well, turns out she’s valedictorian, and i was happy for her, she deserves it. i fell in the top 20s. she came in joking that she got #10, and how bad being #10 is, only to reveal she’s actually #1. (meanwhile i’m #20 screaming on the inside) now, i get it. she’s elated, and i’m happy for her. i congratulated her. after the 5th time, i asked her to stop talking about it and asking me if i found out, and repeated that i personally don’t care about ranks. i also told her that being around her stresses me out, especially when i’m trying to enjoy myself and all she wants to talk about is what i got on my calc test, and if i think she’ll keep her spot as #1 in the class. i said her stress wears off on me, and when she constantly complains about failing and pulls straight A’s and a 5.0 GPA while i get average scores makes me feel bad about myself. she got offended, but she really does make me feel bad about myself. i know i’m being sensitive, and idk AITA? TL;DR: my friend got valedictorian and wouldn’t stop talking to me about it, i got annoyed because she always does better than me and doesn’t like it whenever i do better than her."
2115,"AITA for trying to kill myself? I recently tried to take my life. I’m not going to get into the specific reasons why and I don’t want anyone feeling bad for me. I’d been dealing with depression and a whole lot of other issues started piling up and one day I decided I can’t deal with life anymore and I wanted to end it. After the attempt I told my girlfriend about it and she started freaking out and saying that I was being selfish and that I wasn’t taking her into consideration and started saying things like “How am I supposed to build a life with someone who doesn’t want to be alive?”, and other things to that extent. I get that she was emotional and felt hurt, but was I being a selfish asshole for wanting to kill myself? I don’t feel like I owe it to anybody to keep going on with my life, but maybe I should’ve taken other people into consideration more before I almost did something irreversible. Am I the asshole?"
2116,"AITA for not wanting to go to Las Vegas for a friends 21st birthday? So to start I’ve known this girl for quite a while but it’s worth mentioning that we’re those kind of friends where we don’t see each other often/ don’t hang out a lot but just have an understanding that we’re good friends? Anyway back in December (her birthday is in May) she said she was planning to go to Vegas for her 21st. Her dad was taking her and she wanted her friends to go as well. Here’s the issue I have with this. It is HER plan to go to Vegas. If she was planning an event with friends it would make sense for her to plan it plan the flight rooms etc and just get money from everyone. But no we’re expected to book it ourselves. As in any random flight/ random hotel. It to me defeats the purpose of going “together” if there’s a likely chance we won’t be at the same hotel or can’t get similar flights. It’s also worth mentioning that I’m already 21. I did not expect anything for my birthday and was fine with that. This friend did not do anything for my birthday and that’s cool. The problem is she expects us all to go and has told me she would be extremely mad if I don’t go. I know her as a friend and I know she’s expecting a grand gesture where we all take her out buy her drinks /money to gamble. I’ve also mentioned to her numerous times I simply do not have the money to blow 1000+ on a Vegas vacation as well, but she refuses to listen and keeps bringing it up. Am I the asshole for not wanting to go? I feel she’s just expecting too much of her friends and is the type of person to get legitimately mad if we can’t make it. EDIT: for reference I live on the edge of the east coast so this would truly be a trip to the exact opposite side of the US which would not be cheap in the slightest."
2117,"AITA for blocking an old friend who recently had a baby? Kristie and I have been friends since we were 3, but our friendship was always on/off. We reconnected around 2014 at age 21 and had a great friendship up until early fall 2016. We were both in shitty places and said stuff to each other that (in my opinion) was fucked up. After spending an entire night trying to talk her out of suicide and letting her mom know, she convinced her mom I was the crazy one and told her I was lying about her being depressed and shit. She was, and shortly after I realized that her past boyfriends never made false claims (like she told me) to the police about being suicidal....she really would act that way. Anyway, this incident caused a big fight and we haven't talked since. Fast forward to now, she met a guy and just had a kid with him. I've been willing to make peace if she was, but we're both pretty stubborn. I decided to send a little present with a handwritten note to her, not apologizing for what happened in the past (because like I said, I'm stubborn and I won't do that unless she does as well), but congratulating her on the kid, finding a good guy (finally), and that I was sorry for not making contact to congratulate her earlier. I sincerely expressed how happy I was for her. Well, it's been almost a week since confirmed delivery of the package and she hasn't said anything. I've been great without her in my life, but figured I'd try to amend things with her. But now I'm fucking pissed, so I blocked her on all forms of social media. She had her MOM message me telling me that she can't believe her oldest friend would do such a thing, regardless of our fight. I mentioned to her that I sent a package and all she said was, ""I know."" So, am I the asshole for completely cutting this old friend out of my life? TL;DR: an long-time friend and I had a fight and haven't talked in almost two years - we were both at fault. I decided to step up and try to fix things between us, sent a present for her baby and a hand written note. My old friend hasn't said anything to me after a week of receiving this gift. I blocked her and she had her mommy contact me basically telling me I was an asshole. EDIT: I received a message back from her mother. This is what she said: ""I understand u thought u were being nice by sending the gift and were trying to open up space for u two too talk but i dont want her having negativity in her life which means there is no space for a friend that makes up lies about suicide. I am sorry she threatened to call the chair of ur graduate program & say that u had recently smoked pot bc i understand how that"
2118,"AITA for snitching So I play for my high school's varsity basketball team at there's this one kid who has been a huge asshole to me the whole year. I'm tall and skinny and even though he isn't built really strong or anything, he still feels like he has the right to pick on me whenever he wants. And it's not only me who hates this kid, the rest of the team knows he's a huge asshole, too. He's your classic ""class clown"" that makes fun of special needs kids and stuff like that. Whenever I do something that he doesn't like, he just whacks me as hard as he can in the arm when the coaches aren't looking, whips a ball at me from point-blank, stuff like that. I've been doing my best to stand up to myself and give him a little bit of a taste of his own medicine, but I know that if it escalates far enough he could beat me in a fight. So today I went to the coach and told him about all the stuff that he's done and how he's just a real fucking prick. The coach said that he'd talk to him about it and pulled him to the side and talked to him, not punishing him or anything, just saying ""hey don't do that anymore"". Looking back, I know this really won't help my situation at all because now he's just going to want to annoy me even more."
2119,"AITA for not picking up 40€ from the street and then not telling my friend where they were? I was walking on the street and I saw 20€, when I saw it was actually 40 I felt bad, because it was a lot of money (I'm a student, don't judge me), so I picked them up and left them on a low window. Like 5 minutes later, I told this to a friend, who went running searching for them. She got jokingly pissed off at me, saying that it was useless, since a lot of people walk in that street. Also into consideration, my friend is in a worse financial state than I am (enough to eat, tho). TLDR: AITA (or the idiot) for not picking up 40€ on the street and not telling my friend where they were?"
2120,"AITA ex boyfriend thinks I am My ex and I have been able to maintain our friendship. All has been well. Until recently. He and I hooked up the other night. But then he made plans for us to hang out together (tonight). He blew me off and made up a cockamamie story as to why he couldn't make it. I had been so excited to hang out with him. But ok that's fine. Until I started to think about how he always puts me last. Keeps me in his back pocket...just in case. So here's the Am I the asshole part.....i sent him a text saying that I don't want friends that are only available when it's convenient for them. Friends should live their own lives, but ALSO keep their promises.THAT didn't go over well. I understand that shit gets rescheduled. But he blows me off alot and then pulls me back in. Hot and cold. Am I the asshole for discontinuing our friendship?"
2121,"AITA for drunkenly telling a guy with a girlfriend I like him? I'm 20F, he's 21M. Both in college and have some classes together, been friends for a while. I've had a small crush on him for a bit, but he's happily in a relationship so of course I haven't said anything to him or done anything to try to come between him and his girlfriend. On Monday night he and I went out drinking with some other friends, and we all got pretty trashed. He and I were sitting at a table in the bar just chatting, and he said something along the lines of being glad that I came out with them and that I looked nice. I'm not sure what exactly I said next, but I know pretty soon after that I let on that I was interested in him and that it's too bad he's in a relationship. Immediately after saying that, I apologized profusely and said that the last thing I want is to come between him and his girlfriend. I was drunk enough not to have a filter in the moment, but not too drunk to know that what I did was trashy. He ended up walking me home, I apologized again, he told me everything was good and we were cool, and we went our separate ways. We texted back and forth briefly yesterday about some lighthearted stuff, so I don't think he's angry with me. Absolutely nothing physical happened between us, nor will it ever while he's taken, but I still feel like a massive piece of shit. The only thing that makes me slightly question if I'm an asshole is the fact that I was drunk off my ass and that I apologized. I think I already know the answer to this, but AITA?"
2122,"AITA Am I the bully? I am a quiet kid who sits in front row seats in class. (I am a boy btw) Today literally before posting this my classmates sent a message to our class whatsapp group. These were the ""bad boys"" of our class. Im in 7th grade fiy. They bully me on a daily basis. They talked about tomorrows PE class and then one of them said that he doesn't want to go skiing. Then the other one said ""You fucking pussy go kill yourself"" And I sent a message saying ""If you have nothing else to do than bully everyone then dont even bother bullying. It's not funny or cool to bully someone."" Then a girl in my class said ""Please (my name) dont start again."" I replied ""I am just giving them life advice. If they can't behave I suggest we kick them out of this group"" and the bullies said ""Fuck off faggot"" (I am straight tho...) Then I stopped as everyone was saying I caused so much commotion. The bullies said that I am the bully and bullies like me shouldn't exist. Am I the bully or a person who cant tolerate seeing others being hurt?"
2123,"AITA for not wanting to talk to anyone in the morning? When I wake up, I am so drowsy, and it takes all of my strength to answer a yes or no question. My mom will ask me all these annoying questions for no reason and even ask for my help on how to do something with her phone. I have no choice but to be short with her and say ""no"" or ""later"". I have even gotten into arguments with her because it literally hurts to use my voice. After all this time, she doesn't get that I don't want to hear her boring stories or help her configure her email when I haven't had my coffee yet."
2124,"AITA for not adding my girlfriend's 6 year old cousin on Facebook? I met him once, and a few weeks later, I saw that he added me. He barely speaks English. And when I didn't respond to it, he messaged me after a few days saying ""hey"". All I could think was ""Dude, aren't you a bit young for Facebook?"""
2125,"AITA for not hiring this drummer? So, I'm finishing up my first album and I need to record a drum track. The first guy played kind of poorly and what he did for me can't be left on the disc. I decided to go to someone who is a top tier drummer locally rather than waste more time and money or B-list guys. He's sort of a colleague, but I'd gotten sort of a bad vibe off him previously. However he was recommended to me by a mentor, so I sent him a message asking him if he would be interested in recording and also clarifying that it's my own personal artistic project and that while I'd be happy to pay him as much as I could, but it just might not be very much. Surprisingly, he was very warm and said that money was not an issue and said he would happily record for whatever money I could give him. We settled on a modest sum, which was definitely in the range of prices of a professional favor. So, not much, but certainly not nothing. If he were a less established drummer, it would have been a normal price but as it was, it was somewhat low, but as this was for art, so to speak. Unfortunately, the day of the recording, the studio called me two hours ahead of time and told me that they had double booked and there was no way I could record. I immediately called the drummer to see if I could catch him before he left his house to save some amount of headache at least. Alas, he had already driven out to the area and was basically waiting to record. As I explained the situation he became extremely irate, talking over me to tell me how he had come to town specifically for this recording and how he had prepared the material and that the money I was paying him was basically gas money! Certainly, as a fellow musician, all of this was already painfully obvious to me and I was highly embarrassed by the entire thing before he laid into me. I finally managed to get a word in and told him that I understood all of that and that of course I would give him the money anyway and offered to meet him immediately to give it to him. I tried to go on to explain that mostly I was embarrassed and I wasn't as sorry about the money as I was wasting his time (plus I was going to get his fee from the studio since they the ones that fucked up). But he talked over me yet again to be like ""yeah, fine it's okay don't worry about it. I have a gig on Sunday in town, you can come meet me then and we'll talk about"" and that he had to go immediately. Rather Brusque. On Sunday, I went out to the club he was at. I was about to leave and he told me he would be a"
2126,"AITA for not doing anything while the people at my lunch table make crude remarks about a girl I sit at a lunch table with around 6 guys and 2 girls, one of the girl has, well the biggest boobs I've ever seen. She's a nice person and always smiling. Well the six guys will continue to make comments about her to her face. They'll try to throw things down her shirt and make implicit references to her boobs constantly. She usually laughs at them but they are so crude that it makes me uncomfortable It all boiled over when the girl found out that the entire soccer team constantly talks about her boobs and how badly they want to grab her boobs. She was obviously upset by this but everyone just laughed at her. I feel guilty for this happening but at the same time I don't want to white knight her. I've decided to just let her deal with it but I feel guilty being the bystander"
2127,"AITA for not wanting my in-laws to visit so often My fiancé got a job overseas (3 hour flight away from home) for a year and I moved with him since we have a nine month old baby. Everything was going ok but I’m starting to get a little upset about how often my in-laws are visiting. They have come up so far in January and February and they also booked two weeks in March, after originally telling us they were coming for one week. I love them dearly and I normally get along with them well, but I do feel like this is a bit of an imposition since they are staying in our very small flat and my own parents specifically try not to come up too often so they don’t disturb our routine (they’ve only planned to come up once for three days). I asked my fiancé to be sure that they do not come for such a long time again as I feel like it should be up to him to broach the topic with them. He agreed initially that they are visiting very often but last time I brought it up he got annoyed and refused to discuss it. I have decided not to say anything about March visit to them directly as I don’t want to come across as an asshole who is denying them access to their grandchild- but I’m feeling a bit of resentment here. We Skype regularly and I know the reason they come up so often is because they miss their grandchild so much however when they stay here it severely curtails our sex life (which is just starting to get back on track again post baby) Full disclosure- they insist on paying for everything while they’re here so my issues are not financial strain. However I feel awkward doing the shopping when I know they are going to pay and I am a bit of an introvert who cherishes my time alone. Help! AITA"
2128,"AITA for not wanting to proofread my friend’s essays? Please be gentle, I’m more of a reddit lurker than a poster and I apologize for any formatting errors because I’m on mobile, but I really just want to hear some outside opinions on this because I feel bad about it. So I’m a university student currently doing their third year into the field. I’d like to just quickly clear up that I’m rather antisocial with my classes—I’m here to learn, to get my money’s worth, and to get that decent GPA, not make a bunch of friends and party constantly (I usually make friends outside of my discipline). As far as class goes, I’m not the best student, but I do give it my all. I do have a couple friends that are in my major, and one of them I’ll call B for the purposes of this post. B and I started talking about midway through my second year (and her third year), having had a class together. We don’t have a TON in common other than our major, but it’s nice to have someone to discuss lectures with and bouncy ideas off of that understands your subject matter. I like B as a person and this is really the only thing I’ve had an issue with during our friendship. So the part about possibly being an asshole: B asked me a couple days ago (Monday) to read over/ A couple hours later, she texts me and asks if I’d mind reading over another paper she’s done. I reply reluctantly with “well, I guess so” because I’m working on an essay for a class we’re in that is due three days later (today, actually). I explain that I’m working on my own course work and trying to get through my own essay, but she assures me that it’s only a two-page paper and she’s already revised it herself. So, wanting to be nice, and because it’s shorter, I say okay, shoot. Reddit, this paper is almost as badly arranged as the previous one. It definitely shows that she wrote this at 3am. These papers are taking me quite a long time to revise because of *how much* needs to be corrected. Usually (or at least for myself), when you send someone your work to Onto today, where she texts me asking when I’m getting to campus: I respond “I’m here, you can come sit with me if you want, but I have a lot to do and will be unable to talk. I need to get a lot of work done before class”. She comes, she sits, it’s fine for a while (other than asking me a few times how to cite, which I explain is in the syllabus. “Is this correct?” “I don’t know, I’m busy right now, look in the syllabus”). I submit my assignment for the class we have together. B sees that I’m done that class’s work (I still had other work to do, however) and asks me to proofread hers so she can submit it. I’m"
2129,"AITA for blowing up after being left out My friends and I have played in a rec basketball league every Sunday for the past 6 years. Last week I brought up that I hadn't gotten a sign-up email yet for the team, only to be told that I lost my spot to a free agent they picked up from a different team in the league. I'll admit I am probably one of the worse players on the team, but I can still keep up just fine. I also have a good attitude when it comes to letting the better players have more time than me, especially when the game is close. I only really come to hang out with guys and have fun. Its rec basketball for fucks sake! Not to mention last year and every year before that we've made it to the finals and lost, so its not like I am pulling us down. Regardless of my skill level, or how good the team is, I think this is an incredibly shitty thing to do. The whole situation has me rethinking whether or not they are even really my friends. I haven't spoken to them in two days because of this, after calling them dickheads initially and ranting for about 5 minutes about how shitty that makes me feel. A few of them thought this was an overreaction, and that if I want to play so bad I should just, ""make a new team"". To be completely honest, I think the thing that is making me the most angry is that they didn't even have the guts to tell me I was replaced, I had to find out myself and look like an idiot. In any event, who is the real asshole here?"
2130,"WIBTA if I kept training at the recruitment office? Would I be the asshole if I continued to do the marine training at the the recruitment office even though I want to do coast guard? The nearest coast guard recruiter is about three hours away and the training is free at the Marine center, they just try to recruit me into the marines."
2131,"AITA for Expecting an EBay Seller To Negotiate Price When Their Ad Has A “Make Offer” Button? I recently acquired (for free) a 2007 MacBook Pro that needs a battery. I found a seller on eBay who has a stash of them for sale; Buy it now price is $65 and change, but he also has a “Make Offer” button, so I offer $50 in hopes of settling for $55 or so. Later that day I get an email from eBay with his counteroffer...$64. I thought that seemed kind of dickish, so I waited a bit and then offered $55. Then he comes back with $63 and says “best offfer.” AITA for expecting him to actually negotiate, instead of coming off his asking price $1 at a time? If he wants full price for it, fine, but why include the option to make an offer? Honestly, if that option hadn’t been there I’d have paid his asking price no problem and gone on with my life but his responses seem asshhole-ish given that he elected to take offers."
2132,AITA - office donuts came in I ate an “entire” maple bar because they are great. A guy I work with brought in donuts to work a couple weeks ago... nice right? Everyone gets a donut life goes on.... Same guy brings in donuts today. But they are all the same kind of cruller donut and he says he did that because people took an entire donut last time. Should I be expected to cut a maple donut or is that one donut? The guy was obviously irritated by the fact that people took an entire maple bar and/or apple fritter. Said that he put a knife in there so that people would cut them in half. So he specifically got these other donuts. Am I the asshole for taking an entire maple bar donut and not cutting it in half?
2133,"AITA- For giving my brother a hard time about giving me gas money? Monday 2/5, my brother (m25) asked me to drive him to the airport because he had an obligation in another state. (He's in the army reserves) I oblige but I was reluctant because this airport is about an hour and a half away from where we live. He was also expecting me to pick him up Friday 2/9. I told him I was going to charge him gas money because it was going to end up costing me about $60 for the total of 6 hours of driving. He kinda laughed it off when I mentioned it Monday, but I assured him I was serious. Today, I asked him if he had the money when I picked him up, he told me he had it in his pocket. We get home and he comes back from his room with a bag of about $20 in quarters. I can't afford to do this and it's bs that he doesn't have his own license or car yet. I offered to take him to the ATM but he said he was too tired, and our step mother backed him up. I told him I wasn't driving him anywhere until I got my money. It's even more of an insult that he constantly gets expensive hockey jerseys and action figures delivered but is trying to weasel out of paying. Sorry for any typos, on mobile."
2134,"AITA for not wanting to help my friend who had surgery I am on mobile so I apologise for any mistakes. My friend had surgery in the middle of December on her foot. She is not just in a walking boot. Since her surgery, she has been on two different opiods for pain, claiming her foot still hurts. She is the kind of person that overdramatizes everything, so me and my friends suspect she is not in that much pain and get high off of them, but she denies this. Since we have gotten back to school from winter break, she will ask me to do a few favors for her because her foot hurts. When she was still on crutches, I had no problem occasionally bring her food or picking up a few things for her when I was out. I knew she was the kind of person to abuse this power, but I felt bad. Once she was allowed to walk with her boot, the favors didn't stop pouring in. She would ask me to go to get her groceries occasionally and said she couldn't come because she was in pain and would actually go with her friends to get her nails done or go hang out with other people. She hardly asks other friends to help her. I finally lost it when, as pretty as this sounds, she left a bunch of junk food at my apartment and when she could come pick it up. I told her I would be home at 1. She said she would pick it up at 3. Great. I took a nap and woke up at 2:30 to texts and calls from my friend. She said she was outside and NEEDED her food. Junk food. I texted her back letting her know that I was asleep and she said she was coming at 3. All she wanted to know was when I would bring her her food as if this was my fault. I told her when I walk my dog around 9:30/10, I would bring it by. She told me she would be asleep by then and I apologized and told her I can't leave because I have three tests the next day that I am studying for, but she can come get them. No response. I texted her at 9:30 and never got a reply. Fast forward to 11pm. I'm at the library and my friend says shes coming home from a friend and NEEDS her food because she had a rough day. I simply told her I'm sorry, but you told me you would be asleep and I have to go back to studying. She continued to text me that I should come home to get her food. I stopped replying. I know this all sounds really stupid, but stay with me. They next day, after pulling an all nighter, I have a different friend over and my friend calls me and asks for me to bring her her food. I told her that I am cooking dinner with a"
2135,"AITA for telling my roommates to quiet down? I'm sick with the flu. I've got a splitting headache and I feel miserable. I have to get up early tomorrow morning. My roommates are watching a movie in their shared room next door. At 12:41 am, I sent one of them the following message: ""Hey, can you please turn it down? I have to get up early tomorrow"", followed by "":/"". No response, no change in volume. At 12:46 am, I sent this to the other roommate: ""Hey! Do you think you could turn it down a bit? I'm getting up early tomorrow"". Again, no response or change in volume. Some time later I sent a message on Snapchat to the first roommate, which I'll admit may have been a bit spammy and obnoxious. The message has since disappeared so I don't have the time or exact wording, but it was along the same lines as my first 2 messages. Some time after that I got a message back on Snapchat, which went something like 'The volume is at 7. These walls are thin. I can barely hear it.' It had a lot of periods, which tends to indicate annoyance. She also screenshotted the conversation, presumably to show her friends how rude I was being. I saw that last message of hers arount 4:55-ish am, when I was woken up by my headache and sore throat. At 4:58 am, I sent: ""Sorry :( :( I wasn't really thinking, I'm super sick right now so I'm a little grouchy. I hope I didn't offend you or anything, I really didn't mean to"" At 5:00 am, I sent: ""I'm a very light sleeper as it is and this flu is giving me migraines so I'm really sensitive to light and sound right now. I didn't realise I was being rude, I'll be better next time"" I haven't gotten a response, which makes sense because they're probably both asleep at this point. What I wanted to say but didn't: ""If you know the walls are so thin, why would you watch a movie that late?"" Right? Or am I an asshole for wanting to restrict the times they can watch a movie in their own room on a Friday night? I need my sleep, but does that justify the way I handled it? What could I have done better?"
2136,"AITA for not getting my phone screen fixed after my friend damaged my phone and gave me the money to get it fixed? Friend knocked my phone out of my hands and smashed it, paid me the money to get it repaired by Apple, which isn't cheap. However, I've upgraded phones now which I was going to do anyway. The thing is, it's a massive inconvenience for me to get the phone fixed, and my other friend wants to buy the smashed phone off me. Let's say the screen repair is £150, I was going to take £150 off the eBay price of non-smashed iPhone 7s to make it fair. Does that make me an asshole if I sell the phone (although I do now have a phone worth way less than it was before he smashed it anyway, IMO it doesn't)?"
2137,"AITA for not wanting to eat breakfast with my brother? Sorry for formatting, I'm on mobile. I'm 16 and my brother's 14. We normally get on really well, but recently we had an argument about breakfast We go to the same school, so we get up at the same time, eat breakfast at the same time etc. We're both in a hurry and pretty grumpy in the morning, so there isn't much conversation going on. The thing is, my brother is an extremely loud eater, and I have severe misophonia (my brother knows this), so it makes me very anxious to listen to him during breakfast. I've tried talking to him about it but he won't listen, and I can't turn on the TV or the radio to mask the noise, because the rest of our family is still asleep and I don't want to wake them up. Eventually I gave up and started having breakfast in a different room. This really helped, but my brother took offence to this and we got into an argument about it. I told him it's not a big deal, it just helps make the morning routine less stressful for me. He called me an asshole for ignoring him (despite the fact that I explained my side of the story to him several times). I can understand why he feels offended, but he won't listen to any of the solutions I offer him. It sounds petty but the arguments has been weighing on my mind for a while. I have apologised to him and told him I won't do it again but I feel that he's being a bit unreasonable as well. Also, since I promised I wouldn't do it again, I'm going to have to find another solution. Am I being over sensitive? Are we both being over sensitive? Are there any solutions that work for both of us? TL;DR- I have a condition that makes me anxious and annoyed at loud eating, my brother is a loud eater. We have breakfast at the same time (not as a family, just me and my brother). I started eating breakfast in a different room to make mornings easier and less stressful, my brother took offence to this. I apologised and said I wouldn't do it again, but now I have to find another way around this. AITA? [Edit: Punctuation]"
2138,"AITA: For telling someone how to parent their child I was at the mall, I was eating for my lunch break, the next table over there was a parent and her child, her child was very young but could walk and talk, maybe 4-6. She was being a bit of a nuisance but was cute, as children should be. Now I know I may have stepped out of my line, I know that I don’t know how this child always is, but the mother forced her child to throw away her stuffed animal in the mall trashcan. Just for being a little loud and animated, she was crying and emotionally distraught, I didn’t know what to do. Some fatherly instinct kicked in because I grabbed it out of the trash... this cute little rainbow cat, I have always been attached to stuffed toys, they are so cute. I told the girl to put it in her backpack and her mother saw... She yelled at me that it wasn’t my place to parent her child. I apologized and told her to at least let her kid keep the toy, she said she would, but she also yelled at me before leaving the food court.... AITA?"
2139,"AITA for tipping ¢.75 per order at the bar? I have a bar I frequent, and I feel like I’m being an asshole when I do this. Every time I order, I order a pint and a shot, totaling at 9.25 each order. I’ll usually pay with a $10 bill, so by the end of the night I have a huge stack of quarters that I use as the tip. Is this not good enough? I feel like the bartenders don’t like me because this is my tip."
2140,"AITA for insisting that my girlfriend tell me something she’s been keeping from me? My girlfriend and I have been dating for about three years now (non-consecutive as we broke up for a while last year), and recently I was bored and went through her old twitter posts because I usually find things that sounded nerdy/dorky (we both do this) and I think it’s funny. One of her posts said “Do you ever feel like you fucked something up that was really good? Yeah me too.” It was posted a month after we had broken up so I was curious if it was about me. I asked her what it was she fucked up and she said it’s none of my business. We’re both usually extremely open and honest about everything so this really surprised me. So I said “If it’s about another guy or something I’m fine with that, I’m just curious what it was you felt like you fucked up.” Long story short we ended up doing this back and forth thing where she said it’s not a big deal and I would say if it’s not a big deal then why are you keeping it from me yadayadayada. Eventually she told me that she was thinking about dating another guy but decided not to. I told her okay thank you for telling me, it isn’t a big deal and it doesn’t bother me. Then the real shit show happened. She started calling me ridiculous and dramatic and that I should just trust that if she isn’t telling me then it’s not a big deal, and that anything that happened when we were broken up is none of my business and she’s not obligated to tell me. I responded by saying that she is someone I’m interested in marrying within the next couple years, and I can’t be comfortable making that decision if I feel like she’s keeping things from me, especially when I’m always open with her when asked about my past. I also said that she shouldn’t keep things from me or tell my things just because she is or isn’t obligated to do so. If she feels like she can’t be open with me about something that small, I feel like there’s bigger things she’s keeping from me and I don’t want to feel that way about someone I love and trust more than anyone. Was I being ridiculous/an asshole for pushing her to tell me something she didn’t want to tell me? Was I right to feel like she was being sketchy? TL;DR: My girlfriend of three years was keeping a detail of her past (from when we were broken up) from me. I asked her to be open about it and she said it’s none of my business. Turned out it was about a guy, no big deal. She said I was ridiculous, I said she was acting sketchy and I felt like she wasn’t earning my trust."
2141,"AITA if I call my brother out for lying? I really need advice and I feel like this is the best sub for this question. My relationship with my brother is very strained. He's been sick lately and is currently in hospital recovering from surgery, so I've tried my best to try to reconnect with him. He is a narcissistic, pathological liar, and continuously lies about things that are easily verifiable. He has lied on social media in the past about his level of education and ethnicity. Most recently, he claims to have written several articles for a popular online magazine. I suspected he was lying, A simple search showed that he had not authored any articles on the website. I questioned him and he actually doubled down on this lie and sent me links to articles, (none of which had the authors names included). I decided to take the extra step and actually contact the editor, who promptly wrote me back confirming my suspicions, and actually sent me screen shots of the true authors of these articles. My question is this: Do I call him out on his lies? Or do I just ignore it and move on? Is it worth creating conflict? Will I just be perceived as a petty asshole in all this? Everyone seems to just go along with whatever he says even though they are obvious lies. I feel like someone has got to say something at some point or he'll just keep doing it. But I don't know if it's worth the headache. I'm not sure what to do. Help! And thanks!"
2142,"AITA for not comforting my friend after her recent breakup? My friend got into a relationship about 2 months ago. She knew at the start this person was planning on moving out of state. She decided to move as well. There were signs he was not supportive of her coming. She'd heard a few times from several people maybe the move isn't a good idea. She, of course, ignored those warnings. He finally moved and all seemed ok until he called her one morning and said he didn't want her to come, flat out. Now, my grandma died Friday afternoon. A bit unexpected. She was old, she got this flu, wasn't recovering and decided she didn't want to fight anymore. I'm as ok as can be expected, a bit of a zombie. My friend had this convo first thing Sat morning and texted me immediately. I woke up and called her right away. Spent most all day yesterday on the phone with her (we do not live in the same city). She did not at any point acknowledge my grandmother's passing in any of these conversations. So, when I was on my 5th call with her yesterday, and I really didn't have much to say that hadn't already been said, she got snarky and obviously irritated that I wasn't saying much. I texted her after that my gma died yesterday and I'm back and forth with my family and all the drama that comes with that, I'm a bit of a zombie. She says, yeah I know she died, I saw it on FB yesterday (she's friends with other family members of mine who'd posted about it). Well, alright then. I continue to talk her down through the rest of the day. She texts me she's literally falling on the floor needing to be picked up. Devastated, in agony, etc. First thing this morning, same thing. Calling and texting she can't do this. I have no idea how to help her and I can't help but think she is being incredibly dramatic. I know everyone grieves differently and I sincerely try not to judge but I really feel like an asshole for how irritated I am and how rude I think she's being."
2143,"AITA for asking that my roommate’s gf not keep her dogs in our apartment as it violates the lease agreement. Background: I came back from winter break (6JAN18) to my room mates gf moved into his room and her dogs (2xGSP) occupying space in their cages in the living room. I AM NOT ANTI DOG. I do not have time to properly care for one therefore I do not have one. I let it go as I figured they would be there a night or two and leave. Here we are a month later and on Friday I texted in passing that the dogs were a minor inconvenience and my roommate (more so his gf) took offense to that as I had previously kept my reservations to myself. Tonight we had a sit down chat and I explained that the lease agreement states that any of the following things may happen if the rental agency finds out about the dogs. 1. The entire security deposit on the unit may be forfeited. (In our case $855) 2. The total rent for the lease term may become due and payable. (Lease ends in July) 3. Eviction procedures may be initiated. 4. All damages done by the pet will be the responsibility of the undersigned (my two room mates, not the gf) in addition to items 1 and 2. 5. The pet/animal must be removed from the premises. 6. Upon finding an unapproved pet on premises, each lessee will be fined $100 per pet due and payable immediately. And additional $100 per lessee per day will be assessed for each day a pet remains on the property. 7. Lessee must have the premises professionally treated for fleas by a licensed exterminator; carpet cleaned by a company approved by the lessor as part of remedy and after removal. This will be at the lesses’s expense. My issue is that she is not legally responsible for any of it and even though she states that she’ll,pay it if anything happens I would rather not take the chance...am I being an ahole? I realize I could have and should have brought it up before now but that’s dead and gone so moving forward am I in the wrong? Edit: I am in AL"
2144,"WIBTA for not giving someone with Asperger's a free pass? **Background:** I volunteer to run D&D at a local business, and as the game master (GM), I essentially get the final say on rules, lore, and how situations play out. My job is to make try to make the game fun for everyone, myself included, and to lay out the adventure for the players. Recently one of the players, Cory, has been a little difficult to deal with, often taking the fun out of it for other players and me. He constantly argues with other players and me, gets into a foul mood when things don't go his way, cheats when his dice don't roll his way, and doesn't let others do what they want to do in game (often cutting them off). **Incident:** It all came to a head today after a joke didn't land well with Cory (he tried to use real-world mythology to justify an in-game action, I told him the game world doesn't work that way, he does it anyway insisting it should work, and I later present a situation where his action clearly did not work). The table enjoyed the callback, but Cory gave me the finger with the full intent of saying 'fuck you.' After several incidents, I just don't want to deal with Cory at my table anymore. After I got home and vented my frustrations to a friend, I found out that Cory has Asperger syndrome (something Cory freely shared with my friend yesterday but never told me me). While I can empathize with the level of difficulty this can add to social situations (and I could have given him a little more patience than I normally would if I had known), I still don't think Cory should get carte blanche to pull everyone down with a crappy attitude, argue, cheat, or dictate what other players do. I'm ready to email the business owner/event organizer to let them know that I don't want Cory at my table because it's not fun for me or the other players (this would not prevent Cory from participating at other tables unless other GMs did the same). **AITA/WIBTA:** AITA for thinking that Cory, as an adult and choosing to participate in a social activity, should take some responsibility for his behavior (despite his AS)? And WIBTA if I emailed the business owner to express my frustrations and request that Cory not be at my table in the future?"
2145,AITA being annoyed at my friend for doing something nice One of my friends who works with my girlfriend got her a necklace as I do not have money or a job to buy her things she told me to say I got it and didn’t say anything else I feel a little insulted by this as it makes me feel like she thinks I’m incapable of making my girlfriend happy or to provide her with things but at the same time I know she was trying to be nice so am I the asshole or not?
2146,"AITA for refusing to play movies in English? My husband and I are moving to Korea next year. Right now we’re in study mode. My husband speaks a little, I speak like two words. So we’re doing immersion where we can by watching movies in said language, reading kids books, etc. A good friend speaks Korean fluently and has loaned us movies from his home country. He asked if we wanted to do weekly Korean movie nights. Well my SIL came to stay with us as a surprise. She just showed up. She does this sometimes. I have informed her I dislike this but my husband wants us all to get along. So last night my friend comes over for Korean night and I inform my SIL that this is happening several days before. She says she doesn’t mind. Well we start doing it and she’s bored. We put on English subtitles. She complains. My husband offers to take her out to dinner so I can do the movie night. My SIL got upset and went to the guest room. She cried to my MIL who said I could have given up one night to watch English movies. Am I the asshole? To add, I have told my husband that if SIL shows up then he is the on responsible for her. I refuse to change plans for her at all."
2147,"AITA for wanting to be warm and comfortable? (My apologies in advance here if I get wordy, but I'm going to write details only.) We're in Ohio. My fiance and I live with his parents. My fiance has a small engine repair biz in the garage and I'm his secretary with my office in a shed outside. Our living quarters are in the basement of his parents' house. We go inside only to go to bed. Our bedroom has no heater or vents. My fiance insists on sleeping with two fans running...the ceiling fan and a pedestal fan. We've both been trying to get over a cold for the past month, too. When we go to bed and he turns the pedestal fan on at the foot of the bed, it dries my sinues out...the inside of my nose gets very dry and bleeds. Since my sinuses don't drain properly, I end up swallowing it and coughing. It's making it harder to get over the cold. He puts the 2 fans on and he covers himself up (face and all) with his blankets. I can't sleep with my face under the blankets. Last night, I put a space heater in the room. He got IRATE! I wanted to be warm and comfortable for a change. I could actually breathe easier, too! He sleeps in his underwear and I have to wear my pajamas, bra, panties, and have 3 layers of blankets on me with 2 fans going in an unventilated, cold, basement bedroom. Last night, I was ""banished"" out to my office, which is just a glorfied shed with a space heater so I could get somewhat warm. AITA for wanting to be warm and comfy at night? And whether I am or not, what methods could he and I take to resolve this issue so it doesn't kill our relationship?"
2148,"AITA for not wanting to move together with my Gf right now? Hey guys, basically I’m a twenty something med student in a larger city. My girlfriend is studying the same as me. Because of school, I need to study four or five hours a day for around a year (not American) for a big exam in 2019. My girlfriend is in the same phase as me. Now the thing is, me and my girlfriend both live at home with our parents, respectively because rents are not affordable for students. While I get along with my parents pretty well, she wants to move out ASAP. The problem is, she just earns around 600 dollars a month besides school because we need to study a lot and her family can’t help her. But with that amount she won’t get pretty far. Now the logical thing for her to do is to propose we’d move in together. And I thought about moving out to be able to have more space for me (our apartment is very small with my parents) but not because I don’t like my parents whereas she doesn’t get along with them at all. Now here comes the issue: She asked me to move in with her and I told her I want to live alone first. This exam time is really bad on time and I feel overwhelmed. I’m very angry all the time and my parents understand but I don’t think i could live with someone I’d always have to talk about things. Like at home, my parents support me where they can, be it cooking cleaning or what ever. Living alone, I would just have to care for myself too and clean up after myself. With her, we always would need to argue about who does what because were both in extreme stress situations. Also, i study in the morning whereas she is a night person meaning she stays up late watches shows and so on. This is already a problem whenever I sleep over at her place. At least at home I can be more free. If we’d be living together, I would eventually get used to it. But with our limited budget and this freaking exam year, I’m not myself. I’m very easily annoyed and passive aggressive. I don’t think it’s a good idea to move in with somebody during such a time. And of course I know it sounds bad to somebody you love if you tell them you want to move out but not with them at first knowing theyre done with home like her and not having the funds to do it. I know I’m an asshole, but to what degree? Thanks and sorry for any language fails, obligatory English is not my first language sentence"
2149,"AITA for not helping my brother chase down his two year old dog cause it should be trained not to? So my brothers dog is around 2 years old. She doesn’t come when called, and runs out every door it sees. So it’s a Sunday afternoon. I’m at my moms for dinner with my wife, my brother his wife and his dog, my sister and her new boyfriend, and my mom. I’m downstairs with my brother, his dog, and the new boyfriend. My mom yells down saying she needs something moved from the garage to the house, so me and my sister’s boyfriend go to get it. Her boyfriend and I leave the door open so we don’t have to fumble with it coming back in. As we’re picking up the filing cabinet, the dog comes sprinting out the door. I yell for my brother, and tell the boyfriend not to worry about it cause it happens all the time. We get the cabinet inside, and my brother and his wife get in the car to get the dog. The dog only got down the street. My brother comes storming in calling me an asshole for not helping. My reasoning for not helping is that his dog really should be trained not to run away at this point, and also I was carrying this heavy ass cabinet when it happened. Plus he knew I was gunna be carrying this thing inside, so he really should have been watching his dog. I shouldn’t be held responsible for his dog."
2150,AITA for trying to ask nicely for something to be marked as NSFW? I will just show the comment chain: https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/7x722q/in_honor_of_chd_awareness_in_the_month_of/du6ervr/
2151,"AITA for thinking this sub is ridiculous? Half the threads are ""AITA for having a perfectly consensual interaction with another adult, while a 3rd party disapproved?"" Most of the rest are ""I said something mean to *Literally* Hitler. AITA?"" There are very few threads here that actually discuss real conundrums of assholery. It's just teenagers worrying about peer pressure, along with cries for validation from really pissed-off people. AITA for thinking that posting here is nothing more than a giant symbol of insecurity?"
2152,"AITA for not wanting anyone at the hospital when they induce me tomorrow? So, I’m 39 weeks pregnant, and tomorrow after 4pm I’m being induced. I won’t be in active labor until well into the night, but I still don’t want people present if I’m contracting. My husbands family is super baby crazy. We’re having the first granddaughter, so they all want to be there and visiting with me. My family wants to be there as well, but I have no desire to have ANY guests at the hospital my entire stay. However, my husband is adamant about people coming to see me/us. Would I be the asshole if I stood my ground, and told the nurses not to allow anyone in the room?"
2153,AITA for asking a question about history so I commented on a post asking about why the Japanese and Koreans hate each other so much and all I got was downvotes and comments saying oh if you read up on history you’d know fucking Reddit man can't even ask a question. Without being treated like Hitler.
2154,"AITA for speaking to ESL people in broken English? Hear me out... So I've developed this habit of talking to ESL (English as a second language, mostly french/mexican) people in broken English. The only times I do this is if they speak to me in broken English. The only reason I do it is because I know for a fact that the sentence structure in their language is different, and that's why I reply in broken english, hoping it makes it easier for them to understand my english. Does this make me look like an asshole, or am I really making it easier for them to understand? Or do they just not notice it? I'm curious to know because if I really do sound like an asshole, and they are afraid to speak up about it, I would like to know. I only do it because I am genuinely convinced that it makes it easier for them to understand me, but it's my own theory so I could be totally wrong. Would appreciate feedback from anyone who is either ESL, or someone who has learned another language and traveled to another country, assuming you have experienced something like this. Or even if you do what i do and someone called you out on it. Thanks!"
2155,"AITA for unfollowing family members on Instagram who post naked pictures of themselves? So my sister, and 3 of my cousins all post nudes on Instagram. I unfollowed all of them, because, well, I would be scrolling down my feed and look at a picture and think to myself “woah this girl is hot” and then I would look at the username and go ahead and pour soap on my eyes to wash the shame of the disgusting image I just saw. This is because girls post these artsy naked pictures without showing their faces nowadays, so anyway. They call me all pissed off calling me an asshole for unfollowing them, saying I don’t love them and all this shit and “why do you hate me!!” I continued to have them blocked. Am I the asshole?"
2156,"AITA for getting annoyed at a gloating friend? *Background*: My friend and I often discuss things. Usually she approaches things from a more emotional standpoint and has a more difficult time justifying her ideas than I do. For that reason, I mostly ""win"" our discussions. However whenever that happens, I am always VERY careful to not rub it in her face, say that I won or push her into a corner where she has to admit her ideas are wrong. In fact, the discussions is almost always moved along by me changing topic so as to be polite and not make her feel bad about the discussion. *Problem*: Yesterday I had a long and invested discussion with that friend. I in the discussion realised I didn't have a counterpount to her argument, and told her that she made a great point, and that she was right. So I praised her, her argument and conceded my position directly. There was no problem initially. But about an hour after the discussion, she started talking about how she won that discussion seemingly out of nowhere (We were talking about something different at that point). I asked why she would mention it, which she answered in a way as to make certain it was in fact to draw attention to how she ""won"". This made me ask her if she was gloating, which she agreed to. Here I got a bit annoyed, because I felt I had never done the same to her when I had won discussions and felt like I had already completely swallowed my pride and praised her arguments. I hadn't even ever mentioned that I won any discussions at any point. She argued that she was allowed to be proud, as she almost never won discussions. She told me that it was like beating an olympic runner to her, and felt like it was okay to gloat in those situations. I agreed that she could be prideful but said that gloating just seemed in bad taste and you could be proud without trying to rub it in someones face. After discussing it back and forth a bit, she got angry and said she didn't feel proud anymore anyway. Now I feel petty for my reaction, but still also think the gloating was done in bad taste. AITA here reddit? &nbsp; Edit: I think a lot of conclusions here are made about my character, that aren't really that accurate or helpful and have no basis in reality. I don't understand how anyone has reached the conclusion that every talk I have with people is a discussion, that I am out to beat people in all my discussions, or that it is an exhausting relationship. I think people here need to understand, that this was a one time experience, where I handled the situation wrong. I can accept that I was the asshole, but people telling me that she shouldn't interact with me and making the neckbeard references need to chill. I am not some crazy avenger who goes around harrassing people with a"
2157,"AITA for not wanting to call or online game with my sibling? My sibling (12) has a new habit of texting or calling me (21) every day to ask if I want to play games with him or if he can come stay at my house over the weekend or whatever. As a pretty introverted person, I prefer to spend my evenings after work relaxing as on-my-own as possible, and my weekends are generally a 50/50 split between me staying home/shopping alone or visiting friends or family. As such, being contacted every day with requests to spend time with or play games with my little brother is getting to be pretty annoying, and making me feel like a dick for turning him down so often on account of the fact that I’m taking “me time”. It’s nothing personal; by all means, I will play with him now and then if I’m in the mood, but asking me daily and providing reminders and telling me “text if [I] change my mind” is getting too much and it’s becoming personal as well because I’m sick of hearing from him. He’s knows I’m not big into online games and that I prefer to be left alone, I see him almost every weekend when I visit anyway and take the time to spend most of my time there with him. I’ve checked with our Mum and it seems he’s getting on well at school with new friends and everything, he just won’t leave me alone and I’m not sure anymore if I’m an asshole for not wanting to spend as much time with him as he wants."
2158,"WIBTA if I did what the person on this advice column did and break up with a boyfriend over a lack of Valentine's day present? So this didn't even come close to happening to me, but since my take on it differs from the comments on the site I found it on, I want to see if I'm miscalibrated. This is from [the valentines edition of the Ask a Manager blog] >I was 23 and worked at a call center. I was training a new hire for way long than necessary (I thought he was stupid). I had a boyfriend (who he knew about) who also worked in the call center. My boyfriend at the time got fired (no biggie, everyone got fired all the time), but he didn’t want to drop me off at work anymore and since we only had one car, I was asking around for carpooling. The new hire said he lived right by me and was doing some overtime, so if I wanted to do overtime as well we could just go in together. We ended up doing a lot of 16-hour shifts together plus commuting so I was with this guy for like 18 hours a day, 5 days a week, for months. >On Valentines’ Day, my boyfriend didn’t buy me anything because he said it was a vapid, stupid, made up, commercial, money grab of a holiday designed to drive up that puts a price tag on love and sets up guys for unrealistic expectations. I was pretty bummed and felt like a toad. My coworker “as a joke” bought a $1 CVS box of chocolate for me as his “work wife.” Coworker then got fired at the end of his shift (LOL) so we ended up going out to a bar where he drunkenly confessed his love to me and the fact that he got accidentally fired by pretending to be bad at his job so he could sit with me all the time. >I broke up with my boyfriend by text message and my coworker and I have been together for 7 years today. The thing I want to focus on here is the perspective of the ex-boyfriend. The way I see it is that ""Be romantic on your on clock, not on some made-up holiday"" isn't a completely unheard of position, and the BF could could very well have previously dated/been friends with people that felt that way, to the point where he thought it was the default. The fact that OP knows his reasoning means that either he explained it beforehand or after the fact. If he explained it beforehand, he's blameless, as OP should have objected if it bothered her that much. If he explained it after the fact, then some blame falls on him for failing to communicate, but OP failed to communicate her expectations as well. Because his position isn't the default one, he has more than half the blame, but not nearly enough to justify OP breaking up with him over text message and hooking up with"
2159,"AITA for not covering a shift last night? Picture this. It's 3pm on Valentine's Day. I have the day off and so does my fiance. We're gaming, both excited for 7pm dinner reservations at Buca di Beppo that he made as a romantic surprise. &nbsp; I get a text from my boss's boss. She wants to know who's running transport because my boss had a family emergency. I know that the group home I work at is usually double-staffed, but I'm not familiar with the schedule for Wednesdays as I don't work them. I remind my boss's boss that I don't work tonight. She apologizes for contacting me, then my phone goes silent for ten minutes. Shortly after, my boss texts me. She asks me to go in and work until 8pm to cover her. &nbsp; I deliberate. I really don't want to go in, I decide. It's a 30-minute commute, one-way. It's always me that covers afternoon shifts, and while I'd normally take the helm here, I'm not feeling it with our plans for the day. The group home should have another staff to take care of things, just like I do solo after 5pm when I work Sundays with my boss. It's Valentine's Day and my fiance and I are about to go out to celebrate that as well as our anniversary (the 28th, so two birds with one stone). &nbsp; Instead of making up an excuse as is my nature (something I'm trying to change), I'm honest with her. We've got reservations. It's hard to get those on Valentine's Day. I send anther message after this, asking if someone else is on shift and she replies with a cold ""k"". &nbsp; I put my phone down and go into guilt mode. See, my boss is my friend both at and outside of work. I don't have those in person anymore because a lot of folks moved away after high school. I know she's already going through a tough time after a bad break-up. I helped her move out, I helped her shop for new furniture, I helped her get settled in and I've been her designated driver since she drinks but I don't. I know she counts on me to be there. She's told me I'm one of the few reliable elements of her life currently. I start to feel like my choice to not help her during a family emergency is selfish. &nbsp; I spend the next three hours guilt-ridden, my mind going over the possible consequences over and over again until my fiance actively steps in to redirect my negative thoughts on the way to the restaurant. With his help, I put the incident in the back of my head and we have a stellar fucking night. &nbsp; This morning, I start work at 7:30am. She's here to run an appointment. I ask her what's wrong in her family, she says she doesn't want to talk about it. Oop. Guilt is back. &nbsp; Well, folks? What level of asshole am I?"
2160,"Aita for being mad at a friend for putting myself and other friends in a situation that made us nervous for her? Sorry about shitty formating, Im on mobile. Also sorry that this is a bit long. Okay so I have a friend that we'll call J and two other friends that we'll call T and A. Anyway, J recently went through a break up and she has been coping with it in her own way. A few weekends ago she hooked up with a guy. No big deal, but she then was asked out by another guy who she had no interest in. She told him that she would hang out with him, but only as friends. The guy proceeded to yell at her something along the lines of ""Oh so you'll fuck a random dude, but you won't go on a date with me!?"" pretty agressive and very rapey we all thought. She then proceeds to agree to go over to his house last night to drink wine and smoke weed. Before hand she is hanging out with me, T, and A. We're all telling her this is a terrible idea. She seems to feel like it is a terrible idea, but for some reason doesn't want to be mean(I should add that she's turned this guy down several times and he has gotten very upset about it.) She tells us that there is a possibility that she'll call us to come get her if she feels uncomfortable. We all end up going our seperate ways for the night and around midnight I get a text from T and A asking if Ive heard from J. They said they texted her to make sure everything was okay and she never responded. They called several times but J didnt answer. I start to get nervous and call and text, to no answer. All three of us are slightly freaked out. Eventually at about 2 am this morning we get a text from her saying that shes fine. This morning I had an 8 am with J and I told her that I was upset with her for putting me in that situation of having to worry about her. She called me an asshole and told me I wasn't her mom and that I didn't need to worry about her. Am I the asshole for being mad at her for putting me in this situation?"
2161,"AITA for hanging up on my girlfriend during a fight? I'll try my best to not be biased here. I know yesterday was Valentine's day but she's strongly against that specific day for her own reasons, so it meant nothing to us. We are long-distance, and we decided to celebrate it entirely during my next visit to her. We did a long skype call instead. **Background info:** - Yesterday I worked from 6:30AM (begin commute) to 8:30PM (end commute). I was busy and had a 30 minute lunch break. I texted her during every other small break I had. - Yesterday she went to class/work from 9AM to 6PM. She then had to read assignments from 8PM to 11PM. - We skyped from 9PM until 1AM. - I had to wake up today at 6:30AM whereas she has to wake up at 9AM. Here's a breakdown of events: 1. I called her at 9PM. We had a happy skype call at first; she had readings to do so I did my own stuff while she read. I told her I was tired and asked to sleep at 10:15PM. 2. She said that was a bit too early and wanted me to stay up. I said sure, I'll stay up for you. She said she'll be done reading at 11PM. 3. At 11PM, I was barely staying awake. I saw her texting her friends and playing a phone game for a little bit as a break. This got me impatient and I told her to stop and try to hurry. She's the type to get upset/sad if I end the call if she still wants to talk, so I tried to get her to hurry and not waste time so that we can come to a stopping point. 4. At 11:30PM, she was finally done everything. I was already a bit stressed out because I wasn't gonna get enough sleep by my body's needs and I kept myself up since 10:15PM. 5. She needs a lot of reassurance so she kept asking me to say that I'll treat her nicely. I'm used to this at this point, but this time she asked me 5 or 6 times to repeat what I'm saying. 6. Eventually I lost my patience (my fault) and went ""okay okay can we please sleep"" and basically rushed her. Keep in mind that during this time, although I'm rushing her, I'm saying it with an expression that is a mix of joking around and annoyed. Not angry or upset. 7. She gets upset because she hates it when I rush the goodnight routines. She gets angry at me for rushing her. She said she was literally going to let me sleep in a minute but I ruined it and made her upset. 8. After a bit of argument I tell her that she needs to consider my time. Texting friends and playing phone games made me more rushed about it but it didn't make me angry. I told her that although I'd prefer her not to do it, it's not"
2162,AITA for bringing leftover fish to work for lunch? I eat salmon maybe once or twice a month and usually bring leftovers to work for lunch. I saw a post from a friend of mine (doesn’t work in the same place) saying how the ‘office jerk’ heats up fish in the microwave among other jerk-ish things. Is this really a big deal let alone a deal at all? It had never occurred to me that this might irk other people.
2163,"AITA for not picking up garbage I walk past on the sidewalk? I think about this a lot. I never litter myself and I will hold onto my trash/recyclables until there is somewhere I can appropriately dispose of them, but I wonder if choosing to ignore garbage I walk past on the ground makes me an asshole. Am I any more obligated to pick it up than everyone who walked by it before me? By acknowledging that I might be, does it cement me as an asshole by ignoring it anyway? Is everyone who ignores the garbage an asshole, or is nobody? Curious on this sub's take on the matter."
2164,AITA for unloading on my friend after he broke our establishes rules in airsoft This story happened a while ago. Me and a friend were playing airsoft in a field behind my house. I was using a full auto Tommy gun and he was using a sniper rifle and Co2 airsoft pistol. Our rule was that when you say “hit” you’re done. During one of our games he yelled hit and as I approached him to discuss any rule changes or reload ammo he shot me with his pistol below the eye. I had taken my mask off because I had assumed the round was over (all we were wearing for protection was masks and long sleeve tshirts) I shot what was left of mag at him (24 bb’s) and we both started yelling. I’d assume we were about 10 feet apart when this happene. AITA?
2165,"AITA for wiping the family computer and in turn my Mom’s pictures So just as a background, our family computer hasn’t worked in a while. I thought hard-resetting it would fix it (which it did), but called my mom first to make sure there wasn’t anything she needed. She thought about her pictures for a little, but when I asked her again if there was anything she really needed on there, she said “I guess not”. Fast-forward a few days and she tells me she forgot that she had all the pictures from some trips she took on there and that she’s really upset. She’s basically pushing some of the blame on me because she said she was working and didn’t have time to think about it."
2166,"AITA for spreading a fake rumor made up by the person it was about? Basically a friend of mine wanted to spread a rumor about herself because we go to a small school where gossip spreads quickly and she was bored. The rumor she decided on was that she was pregnant, and she asked me and two other friends to spread it. I did so not thinking it would amount to anything, I told like three people. Then her mom asked her if she was pregnant so she asked us to tell people it wasn’t true. One of my close friends is now really upset that I told him a false rumor and that I spread gossip. So am I the asshole for spreading it knowing it was false just because she asked? I feel like a horrible friend to the people I told."
2167,"AITA for getting upset when my bf eats food I specifically bought for myself? Example: I like to buy a thing of muffins. 4 muffins come in this carton and I eat one for breakfast each day. My bf thinks he’s entitled to half of the muffins. Even when they’re a flavor he doesn’t even particularly like. He thinks we have to share everything. By the way, I typically buy all the groceries. Follow up question: tonight I got mad at him for drinking the last ~10oz of my peach tea and he thought it was unfair that he should have to ask me first. It was the LAST OF IT. AITA?"
2168,"AITA For not wanting to hangout at my rich friends house because it makes me uncomfortable? Sorry for formatting, im one of those lurkers, not thread creators + mobile rn. TL;DR at the end! So I have a friend, lets say Mary is her name. Mary and I have known each other for a number of years, and we’ve only ever hung-out by being in the same Alcoholics Anonymous home-group, with talking to her at meetings and stuff. Our relationship has usually just been me checking in with her, asking her how she is, and stuff like that. We’ve hung out and done some step-work for those of you who have an understanding of a 12 step program, and its always been at my house or a starbucks or something. But I drove to her house this past weekend, and she lives in the middle of the city, in a super wealthy area. And for some reason I felt incredibly uncomfortable. This is super unlike me to be class-ist (if thats even a word) and I noticed it was because her house was so much nicer than mine, and the area and her house just seemed sooo safe and warm. I come from a Russian orphanage, and was adopted by not all that well off parents, so this was something I hadn’t experience before, atleast to this scale and this ginormous of a difference in wealth. With my drug problem of the past, (four months sober last week!) I used to feel safe and comfortable on hardwood floors of not so nice places, and I felt at home in a “bad” neighborhood. So hanging out with friends who have less than me is a-ok with me; I dont even notice the difference. But with Mary, I felt sooo out of place and uncomfortable. In recovery, honesty keeps me sober and I believe that secrets keep me sick. So I straight up told her, (over snapchat mind you, which I take accountability for, it could have played a role in how she reacted to my opinion) I said how I just dont feel comfortable in her house all that much, and gave her a few reasons, some of which being a bit biased and essentially I said her parents success and her house scare me in a sense, and im not used to it. And she said that she didnt feel any better in my neighborhood, and the almost exact quote i remember was “atleast you were safer and more comfortable for a few hours than when you’re at your house.” And I got mad and set a boundary that just as its not her fault she was born into that family, its not my fault i was adopted into my family that wasnt able to give me all the things she has. We havent really spoken since, and im not sure how to approach it when I make amends, do I apologize for not wanting to go to her house, and give it a shot? Im already going to apologize for the"
2169,"AITA for being offended by what my partner got me for Valentine’s Day? Valentine’s Day isn’t a big deal too me, I see it as more of a commercial sort of holiday for stores to profit. Anyway I suggested that this year my partner and I do something together or make something for each other. Just simple and low key. I made him a roast dinner and his favorite flavor cheesecake. He gave me a $100 note. I said no thank you, and that I didn’t need his money and maybe we could just watch a movie of my choice or something instead. I was nice about it despite thinking it was a bit insulting. He insisted I take it. In the end he just put it in my wallet. I didn’t argue because I didn’t want to hurt his feelings. We had a nice evening. The next morning I woke up and he had taken the money back... So I am super confused and text him to ask if he took it in case one of the kids did, he replied that “yeah I need it”. Which is fine, I never wanted it in the first place but I’m hurt that he did that just because he couldn’t be bothered doing anything else, and then just took it back the next morning. I guess I’m just a bit miffed."
2170,"AITA for making my roommates girl leave our place? So my friend Clyde has been hooking up with this one chick Bonnie for about a week or 2 now. For context, Clyde and i share an apartment in employee housing, and Bonnie has her own apartment in the same complex. Anyways, Clyde brings Bonnie over last night, without asking which is not a big deal to me. I then fall asleep thinking she’s going to leave because that’s what she said last night. I wake up this morning to find them both in his bed, so i have to get ready for work in the dark. Again, not that big a deal. Then Clyde wakes up, starts getting ready for work, and then leaves, while Bonnie(who i would barely consider my friend) is still sleeping. Now this is where im drawing the line. Im about to leave to work and she’s still passed out. Im about to wake her up and kick her out. But would that make me an asshole because i don’t want someone i barely know in my place with no one there?"
2171,AITA for breaking a promise to my best friend? I've been working in pretty big company for a while now and have moved up the totem pole a bit. But the thing is this job has been making me depressed and I dread going to work everyday even though it pays really well. My best friend of over 15 years finally managed to join the company after trying thrice. I had already planned on quitting for a while but he made me promise to stay on another year while he adjusts to the company. I agreed at first. But now I realize that I can't deal with the stress and dread and that it'd be better for my mental health that I resigned. I've told him that I'd introduce him to all the right people and give him the right contacts he needs to survive. I'll even coach him and help him out. But I really need to quit. So... am I the asshole?
2172,"AITA for “stealing” two activations at my carrier job from a coworker? Hey y’all, I work for a carrier store, and yesterday I had a shift from 3PM to 9PM. Some customers came in (Spanish speakers), and I’m the only one there who speaks Spanish fluently, but I was stuck with customers so I couldn’t help them right away. My coworker (CO) goes to help them but they spoke very broken French (French area) so they didn’t get very far past the point of the customer wanting an iPhone. Long story short, the customer backs away about three times and I had finished with my customers so I went to help CO with the customers. I had to explain everything in Spanish because they didn’t understand much, the plan, the phone, etc. I ended up convincing his wife to join as well, making it two activations instead of one. CO has to leave as his shift ended and he asks me to do one of them on his account so it counts towards his quota, and that we’ll split it 50/50 on the commission. I agree and CO leaves. It took me way longer to finish the two than I thought, and as the only holder of a credit card was the customer’s wife, I did it to her name as she was present and only wanted a SIM plan. No biggie. Problem is, she’s a new resident here so her credit isn’t the best so if I close out on her activation FIRST, I’m double hitting her credit report. So I end up doing it to my account twice, and I text my CO and tell him that next activation, I’ll do it to his name and that he just send me the commission. Now another coworker (CO2) has been blasting my phone because I apparently am stealing sales and that what I did was very asshole-ish, and that if I did it to him, he’d deck me. My manager said it was entirely okay what I did, and since he knows that one of the two activations is “his”, he’ll cut him some slack if the quota grid is in the red for him. TL;DR Coworker finishes his shift after talking to a few customers for ONE phone, I end up convincing them for TWO, I text him and tell him I’ll split the commission with him, I couldn’t do it to his account, so the quota grid only reflects as if I did both, other coworker has been verbally abusive by text. Am I the asshole??"
2173,"AITA: For not wanting to date someone who doesn't drink? I like to go to breweries, local bars and pubs and I honestly am not a fan of doing that and not sharing in a drink or 2 with someone. She says she doesn't mind that I drink but I feel kind of awkward and weird being the only one drinking between the two of us."
2174,"AITA for answering to my classmates This requires a bit of background, but I'll be as brief as possible. We're postgrad Creative Writing students, and you can count us on the fingers of one hand. Our first term was somewhat chaotic, since nobody seemed to be able to give us actual directions regarding our assignments. My classmates despised that. I have no idea what directions a CW assignment needs other than ""creatively write 5000 words"" and was, therefore, fine with it. Our professor was especially vague. His lessons went on constant tangents, and his directions on the assignments were ""write 5000 words in a creative way"". Again, my classmates hated that. Things important to mention for later: he's our program coordinator, he teaches more than just our group, he got sick one week and we made those lost classes up later on. Now the second term has begun, we've changed professor, and my class has suddenly decided that the previous one was in fact a useless sexist asshole, and they're badmouthing him at every turn. All I can say on the sexist angle is: I was arguing about a movie with him, he said ""it treats male privilege as if it doesn't exist!"" and the rest of the class keeps on swearing he said ""male privilege doesn't exist."" So, you know, that's that. Today he sent all of us an email that basically says two things, namely; 1) since we missed some classes we'll discuss how to make up for lost time, 2) we have to meet one-on-one to discuss your topic for next year. Now, to me, it seems obvious that, 1) we've already made up out lost lessons. It obviously follows he confused us with the wrong group, and we shall let him know that. 2) He's our module coordinator, so yeah, we gotta do that. Easy-peasy-lemon-squeezy. My classmate, however, believe that to be difficult-difficult-lemony-difficult. Follows this (shortened and slightly paraphrased) conversation; **Classmate1**: ""Getting that email really bums me out. Didn't we make up all those classes?"" **Me**: ""Yes we did. He probably got it wrong, we shall let him know."" **Classmate2**: ""Um... wtf is going on."" **Classmate3**: ""I'm confused, didn't we already have all those classes? I thought it was the other group that missed out altogether?"" **Me**: ""Yes it was. He probably got confused. We'll have to tell him next week."" **C1**: ""I'm just not looking forward to anything having to do with him."" **Me**: ""I understand that."" **C3**: ""But we already found a supervisor for next year, we shouldn't have anything to do with him anymore."" **Me**: ""He's our module coordinator, so I believe he has to deal with us this year. We'll deal with our supervisors next year, when we do research."" **C3**: ""I was under the impression that he has little to do with the administration side, not that he ever did anyway. I'm so not up for dealing with him."" **Me**: ""Well, if he has nothing to do with the administration anymore, i assume whoever does now will let him know."" **C3**: ""No, he"
2175,"AITA Dance class parking I have three daughters in dance classes with a local dance school. Parking can be tight on busy nights. I always make sure I arrive in plenty of time to get a parking spot in an area my daughters can see me as they come out. (Between the 3 daughters there is a dance class every day aside from Tuesday and Saturday) Two of my daughters are in competitive troupes while my youngest is in recreational. Most nights I get blocked in by late arriving parents who line their cars up in the drive lanes of the lot. It drives me crazy that these snowflakes can block me in and I end up 15 min or more late while I wait for their kid to come out. For the daughters in competitive dance I let it go (at the request of my wife) as to not cause drama with parents my children are linked to through the troupes for years. Tonight a mother parked beside me angled in a way I could not get out in a no parking walkway (clearly marked). It was my recreational dance daughter (no real long term damage to be done with drama from my point of view). I attempted to back out but couldn’t. I honked my horn to get her attention (I’ll be Me she can be PSF “Pregnant Snow Flake”) Me: Hi, I can’t get out and your in a no parking area PSF: I’m pregnant and can’t walk far (She didn’t look too far along BTW) Me: Well I remember every time my wife was pregnant we didn’t have that issue PSF: Well I have a bad back Me: Maybe you should find someone else to pick up your kid then PSF (while backing up angrily): I would have just moved if you asked nicely (then a bunch of expletives as she sped off around the building) I shouted “You have yourself a great night” as she sped off. Am I the asshole here? I don’t think her problems are my problems and don’t feel any of these snowflakes should ever be blocking me in when I’m in a legal parking space and they are to dumb or lazy to get there in time to get a proper spot. I’m already getting home at 9:00 why should I be out 15 min longer for other people’s ignorance? My wife thinks I’m the Asshole and am just starting drama."
2176,"AITA for throwing food to the garbage instead of giving it to a homeless person? I was enjoying some fries at my university campus when a really dirty looking homeless person asked me if he could grab one of my fries. Before he gave me time to answer him, he put his nasty hand (it was black from dirt) into my fried and grabbed a bunch. He left immediately. I was not going to eat those fries anymore, so I put them a bit aside on my table. He came back and asked me if I was done with the fries and if so if I could give them to him. I told him that I was still going to eat them, even though I threw them to the garbage afterwards (not in front of him, of course). I did not give them to him because in Canada, where I live, homeless people do not starve. There are food banks, places that serve free meals, many businesses even give free meals to the homeless. (Even the food outlets on campus could have give him free food, I have seen this in the past). The guy was pretty dirty and smelly, but he did not look malnourished. Hence, his behavior is unacceptable and by giving them to him I am just encouraging this behavior."
2177,"AITA for kinda being a dick to a autistic kid on my bus background, his name is A (a freshmen) N his older brother ( whose a sophomore) JS a sophpomore and JG a female freshmen. im also a sophomore alright so I dont think im a total dick to him on purpose to put that out there right away. so i sit in the very very back so i dont have anybody in front of me. he likes to sit in front of me and JS and JG sit to the right and N sits diagonal. me and the other 3 get along well and at the start of the year we tried including A in on the conversations, but he always was complaining and well quite frankly said a lot of stupid things. hes a freshmen so as upperclassmen we tried to help him kindly. hed complain about not having friends but he name calls kids makes fun of another autistic kid, constantly interrupts is lazy and most anything else you can think of. he acts so imature getting upset about everything. i know he cant help it buthe just gets annoying. eventually we got tired of his bullshit every fucking morning. we all just got so fed up with him and we started not including him in stuff we try to have our own conversations without him but he just forces way in despite us telling him to please not. when he complains about a issue to us we all give him a solution to help but he ignores them. he always asks for help but never listens to answers. i remember for ONE day we decided to ignore him 100%. no matter what he said or did we wernt gonna respond. within 5 minnutes he was throwing a temper tantrum yelling at the top of his lungs and swearing over and over (he does this alot cause "" he doesnt wanna sound like a nerd or use kindergarden language"". we started kinda being mean to him say things like this is why you cant make friends and all sorts of stuff. its out of anger and built up frustration to be honest. nothing gets him to stop talking to us NOTHING. almost every other student o that bus has said something to him at one point or another. when we say something funny or are having a fun conversation he instantly kills the mood when he talks, cause its the same shit every day. he gets mad when we interrupt or ignore his rather very uninteresting storys cause we just dont care. its so hard to keep a good vibe going when he Trys to kill it. i just am lost and confused on what to do. so AITA for being a dick when he deserves it."
2178,AITA for stealing my moms money to pay a debt with the view to paying her back? It was done without her knowledge
2179,"AITA for playing a ""shitty gift in a Nintendo Switch box"" type prank on my nephew? My nephew's 11 and this was a birthday gift, for context. Basically I got him a Switch for his birthday. But I thought it'd be funny to play a little prank on him. So I took the Switch out of the original box and put it at the bottom of a gift bag, with a bunch of packs of socks on top to hide it. Then in the original Switch box I put a couple packs of underwear. On his birthday I gave him the box first, and he opened it and it was just underwear. Then I gave him the gift bag which had the socks and actual Switch in it. My nephew took it in stride. Obviously he looked really disappointed at first but once he opened the bag and realized he actually was still getting a Switch he was super excited and thought it was funny. My sister is losing her mind though. She's told me I'm a ""borderline sociopath"", that it was a cruel joke to play on a child, etc. I don't see the big deal. My nephew wasn't upset and it's not like this was some big drawn out traumatic thing, the whole process of opening both gifts and getting the happy ending of an actual Switch took maybe five minutes. But I'm willing to consider that maybe I was in the wrong and get some input."
2180,"AITA who doesn’t want my wife to have to watch our friend’s kids while she has a baby. My wife’s friend takes advantage of her all the time. **Examples:** My wife lends her baby clothes, items etc for her kids with so much as a thank you. The friend then offers my wife some diapers (as her kids didn’t fit anymore) and asks my wife to pay $13 for them, as that’s the retail price left. Same thing happened with baby shoes. She rarely makes an attempt to get together and constantly complains about how hard her life is and how she has no money whilst being a stay at home mom in a multi-million dollar home. Not judging how hard it is to be a Mom, but you aren’t hard up for money. She’s due to have kid #3, and her husband works long hours and his family lives an hour or so away. She complained how hard this situation was, until my wife volunteered to come, stay at her house and babysit her kids while she went and had the baby and until her husbands family (who are ultra un-reliable) came to watch the kids. So I said, enough is enough! **”fuck that girl, she takes advantage of you all the time, this is her problem, let her sort it out”**and then “you have your own family to think about which is more important” I was called an asshole for being, what I thought of as a “protectionist” towards my wife and her not getting taken advantage of again. I’m a stupid alpha sometimes, but it’s what works in our relationship and my wife and I get along very very well, I do see myself as a bit of a protector, but not in the greasy “1950s women get in the kitchen” way. Some things to consider: - my wife is very timid and has a history of getting taken advantage of - I am aware she’s doing a very nice thing - This friend made absolutely no other attempts via family to fix her situation - This friend has very little friends and my wife is not a best friend by any means"
2181,"AITA for going to pee?? At the soccer field where my daughter plays, there is a little building with the bathrooms. I walk up to the door to the restrooms and there were two women standing outside of it talking. So I walked around them and into the open stall. One of the women said ""Uh, she saw us standing here!"" Aita for not waiting for the women to finish their conversation about their ""super expensive purses"" so they could pee first, or nah?"
2182,"AITA for not paying for my date's dinner? So I met this really nice girl at a bookstore last week and I asked her out to dinner. She said yes, but near the end of the date she said she wasn't romantically interested in me, but thinks I would make a good friend. Even though I was disappointed, I appreciated her honesty, and agreed. When it came time to pay, however, I asked for separate checks. She said that since I asked her out, it would be nice if I paid. I refused, and she was visibly put off, but didn't say anything more. Am I the asshole?"
2183,"AITA for leaving without paying my bill? Me and my girlfriend went out for dinner at a bar with her coworkers. When we were ready to leave, the server brought us our bills. My girlfriend paid first, and I was sitting next to her. I had my debit card out on the table, but the waitress took everyone else's payment and moved onto the next table. Then i double checked the bill and see there's a $4 tip added. Excuse me, but the tip is at MY discretion, not yours. I didn't say anything about it and we left. I got a $28 meal for free, and it felt good. What say you? EDIT: Maybe you all missed the part where the server IGNORED ME when I was ready to pay. I'm serious, there were 4 of us at the table, she took payment from the other 3 and left us alone. Am I expected to chase her down in a crowded bar because she forgot to do her job?"
2184,"AITA: For getting frustrated with parents with prams who complain about their environment not accomodating the size of their prams? I work in retail and I found myself feeling incredibly frustrated with a woman who complained about the size of my stores aisles not suiting her pram, of which was empty. “You need wider aisles!” she told me matter of fact-ly. She then proceeded to park the pram in one of the aisles and shop without it. You could imagine how other punters reacted to that. I said nothing as, after all, she was clearly frustrated also. Just this week a man with a dual carriage way pram did the same thing: he parked the pram in an aisle, with the his two beautiful children in it, to purchase his items whilst other customers were heading towards him. They had to awkwardly stop, turn around and find an alternate route to their destination. I didn’t feel comfortable saying anything while his children were present but again, I was not impressed. But maybe I am the asshole and I’m being insensitive to parents who have children."
2185,"AITA for being lazy at work? I work in retail and am training to be a general manager of a store within my company. My current GM doesn't have much of a filter and doesn't hold her tongue when she needs to. For this reason my assistant manager had enough and quit with no notice. I now have to work 34 hours in the next three days, I'm sitting every chance I get and am being as lazy as possible. My current GM kept the next two day off instead of picking up the slack. Am I the Asshole?"
2186,"AITA for only giving money to homeless people who are friendly? I'm a server in a city with a high homeless population. As someone who works for tips I always leave work with a stack of single dollar bills. If someone approaches me with a smile and says ""Hey, how are you? Do you have a dollar to spare?"" then it's theirs, no questions asked. Beer and a cigarette too if they stick around long enough. However if someone just says ""Hey you got 50 cents?"" and holds their hand out and I'll tell them to fuck off. Am I justified because I earned the same money they're asking for by treating someone nicely? Or am I just an asshole?"
2187,"AITA for not telling my parents I got fired? I got fired 2 weeks into a job. I recently found a new job that has been much better, and pays twice as much. My parents are on an extended vacation in florida and i've been staying in the house. On our weekly phone calls, I've been telling them works fine, same old same old. I was planning to tell them I quit and got into this new job with short notice, but my gf is telling me how ridiculous that is and I need to tell them the truth. But I'm so sick of them lecturing me and talking to me like everything is my fault and everything i say is stupid. For once, I want it to be ""i'm doing everything right. Sorry, no lecture for you to give this week!"""
2188,"AITA for wanting to deleted snapchat and ending a streak of 800+ with my closest friend? She takes snapchat streaks really seriously, to the point that she keeps our streak even when we had a huge fight. Some years ago I accidentally missed a day and lost 60 days and she made it clear that she was hurt by that. But I feel like I can't keep snapping anymore. I hate having to send a picture everyday. We don't even write messages, she sends a picture of her face and I send one back every fricking day. It feels like a chore. We are both 18f and in a few months we will go our separate ways to different universities. I'm considering waiting until graduation to deleted the app because I don't think I can handle another fight. I also want to keep our friendship. I also only send one pic a day whereas she is extremely active and snaps multiple times a day. A resent fight mainly started because she was angry I went in the app and didn't answer her. I did not answer because I knew she only sent a picture of her face. Now I'm paranoid she will see I'm active and lash out again for not answering her snaps. Am I the asshole? (a streak is the amount of days that you have been sending pictures to eachother on snapchat)"
2189,"AITA for waiting so long to tell my landlady I'm leaving after February? So I've been at my current dwellings for ~5/6 months. I found the place on Craigslist and I basically rent the basement while my landlady occupies the upstairs living room+her bedroom. We share the kitchen and bathroom. For a little over a month now I've wanted to move for a number of reasons; 1) $500 (or starting next month $525 as I was informed two weeks ago that I use too much water and electricity) is too damn much for a bedroom with no door and a no overnight guests rule. 2) Sharing a bathroom is a pain especially since I have to ask her if she needs to use the bathroom beforehand whenever I shower. On paper it doesn't seem like a big deal but in practice it feels like I'm asking permission to shower- which has become more of a reality since she recently complained to me about taking ""my showers too late in the night"" and that to not take them past 8:30 (which is the time I've been arriving back from work ever since I moved in, which is my usual habit to shower after work and yet this has never been an issue until two weeks ago). 4) I'm not supposed to do a laundry after 8P.M. (It should be noted that my landlady seldom sleeps before 2:30 A.M so how 8:30 P.M is ""late"" is beyond me). 5) She smokes cigarettes inside and I didn't think it'd bother me but the smell can get real thick and definitely travels through the vents even though I keep mine closed. 6) Originally, my landlady said she had toaster oven in the basement that wasn't in use so I could use it. It was such a blessing because I hate having to go upstairs to use the kitchen with her five feet away watching T.V. But about a month ago she took it away because she claimed it had a ""hot smell"" whenever used (still have no idea what that means as I never noticed it despite it being in the basement with me). 7) She has a dog and he's come downstairs more than once and gotten into my trash multiple times. 8) There may have been bedbugs; about a month ago my landlady said she found a bedbug bite on her and explained her son brought them in from his apartment. I never noticed any downstairs in my room but the possibility of bedbugs is never good. 9) My landlady requires the lightbulb at the top of the stairs leading to the basement to be on 24/7. The wastefulness of it all bothers me to no end but the light itself is clearly visible from my bedroom. 10) My landlady's NEVER not home. I'm a homebody but it's so infuriating when someone is ALWAYS right there, whenever you use the kitchen or go to the bathroom she is always right there in the living room (which is two feet from the kitchen and bathroom-"
2190,"WIBTA I got rid of my brother's dog? My brother was recently kicked out our house for selling and consuming all sorts of drugs at our house. this was a long time coming, but 6 months before he was kicked out he purchased 2 doberman puppies from a backyard breeder and raised them in our house. Don't get me wrong I love dogs, but they were to much for my family, I have a 6 year old little sister, a 13 year old pom, and a father who can't stand dogs. When he was kicked out he managed to take one dog with him, leaving a one full grown doberman with my family, she's a little easier to handle bus still a hassle and a huge risk. I've tried to talk to him about his plans for his dogs, but he's been so dismissive, and the whole thing breaks down to a argument almost immediately (he's a full grown man, I am a girl with zero muscle mass so I try to avoid arguments). At the same time I don't him want to take the other dog, because 1 he's semi-homeless, 2 he's a awful owner who resorts to yelling and hitting his dogs (along with a whole laundry list of things), and 3 this dog he left is a genuinely great dog. These dogs are his property so would I be the asshole for getting rid of it, or should I try harder to get a response from him? and no I can't call animal services, my mother is afraid that they might call child services too and launch a investigation into our household. My brother has sold hard drugs in our backyard, his room is lined with marijuana, he gets in violent arguments with my father. I have two younger siblings who I love dearly and don't want anything happening to and I don't want to get seperate. Of course I'm worried about the other dog my brother has, but I'm pretty sure knowing how stupid my brother is he'll land in custody soon and his dog will be taken away, plus my family comes first. Sorry in post for any bad grammar, I'm on mobile"
2191,AITA for not recognizing people outside of lecture? I go to a large state university a lot of my classes have 200+ people in attendance. I feel like half of the times I’m out at the bars someone will come up to me like ‘hey you’re in thisandthat class with me!’ And I have no idea who they are. I never ask questions in class and I feel like I’m nothing out of the ordinary. Like I’m not the kid who rides a unicycle everywhere you know? Should I be more observant to other people in the class?
2192,"AITA for not caring when my gf comes at me with drama? So, recently i have began dating a girl, but she seems very insecure for no particular reason. Today she accused me of cheating, and made it appear as she was joking, yet i still denied it. She called me a liar, then brought up something from when we talked three years ago. I told her that if she was going to accuse me of random crap, i wanted nothing to do with her. Another thing about me is i hate being rude to people, but i dont like it when im accused of something and random arguments are created for the hell of it."
2193,"AITA for accidentally making a cab driver lose money? Just recently, I moved to a big city from a small town, and because of this I’m really not experienced with the proper etiquette of taxis and what not, and it hadn’t really been an issue because for the most part I take public transportation and/or lyft. But today, I walked out of my gym and a cab was right there, and since it was raining I just figured to take that home. It’s about a 1.5 mile drive home, and the final price was $7. We get to my destination, and I try swiping my debit card a few times, each time not working (I’m not sure why, it was an accepted card and had sufficient funds for a $7 cab ride). Either way, I figure no big deal and use my American Express. As I swipe, and it goes through, the cab driver kinda rips into me a little bit, saying because I used that card and didn’t tip I ended up losing him money, and next time don’t do that to a driver. I didn’t really know what to say, so I just said something along the lines of “oh. Ok” I guess now I understand I probably should tip, but it didn’t really cross my mind at the time. And it definitely didn’t cross my mind that I was losing him money by not tipping and paying with that certain card. Am I the asshole for this?"
2194,"WIBTA if I didn't pay them back? So a lot of things would still need to happen to get to this point, but the essential progression of events would be: - SO buys plane tickets for me to go home with them over a school break, with the plan being that I repay them at a later date - SO cheats on me - SO admits it later, as well as other incidents - SO initiates the breakup In this case, WIBTA for not wanting to pay for the ticket I would not be using? Should we split it?"
2195,"AITA in This Argument With My Parents? So I posted here a little while ago about an argument I had with my parents that eventually led to me being kicked out of the house for a few hours. Well, it's happened again. So I was doing some math homework in the kitchen and having trouble with it. I've never been great at math but I need it if I want to do economics, which is what I'm currently going for my degree in. After I had so much frustration with the homework I decided to sit down with my parents and have a talk about the possibility of changing my major from economics to history, something that I've always been good at. My parents were really opposed to this change and tried to tell me that I could do the math with a little more effort and that when I got out of school I wouldn't need to use a lot of the math anymore. I disagreed with their second point, saying that economists use a lot of math and that I'd have to know how to do advanced math and probably use it frequently. I also said that I wanted to change majors because I didn't think I wanted to do economics the rest of my life, even if I technically could do it. This went back and forth for a little while and the argument got more and more heated over time. Eventually, it got to the point where my mom was cutting my off in the middle of my sentences, mocking me, telling me that I had quit everything I had ever done in life, and eventually began yelling at me. When I pointed out to her that this type of behavior was wrong and that she would not tolerate it from me and called her a hypocrite because of it, she told me to ""go to hell"" and to go to my room and grounded me from a few of my things. I went to my room and was enraged that I got in trouble for simply pointing out that my mom was being way out of line. This is when I realized that when we had had our first argument a few weeks ago where my parents kicked me out my mom had taken away a pistol that I had in my room (that had been given to me by my grandfather) without explaining why. I had been thinking of asking for the pistol back for a while and I figured that since I was already in trouble, I couldn't lose much by going and trying to get what I considered my property back. I went to ask for the gun and my parents refused to give it back, this went back and forth for a while and then my dad came in and forced me into my room. We had a discussion for a little while and I told him about my problems with the way my mom and how it was wrong for her to"
2196,WIBTA if I made my mom my backup maid of honor? So my fiancé got engaged in December and immediately I asked my best friend of 8 years to be my MOH. The problem is she lives in another state and we haven’t seen each other in a long time but we still talk often and she has been helping me with ideas for the wedding and whatnot. My fiancé made a good point that he doesn’t want me to be hurt and screwed over if she can’t come to the wedding since neither of us has had luck being able to be there for important things in each others lives since we live a few hours away from each other. My mom also lives in another state but has always made sure to be here for the important things and I know that if I asked her to be my MOH that she would make sure she was able to do all she can to make my wedding great and that she’ll definetly be there. But would I be the asshole if I made my mom my back up MOH if my best friend can’t be? I don’t want to hurt my best friends feelings by insinuating that she won’t be able to make it and I don’t want to hurt my moms feelings if I ask her to be my MOH if my best friend can’t be. TLDR: would I be the asshole if I made my mom my backup maid of honor if my best friend can’t help me or make it to the wedding?
2197,"AITA for not bringing my baby to see my pedo grandfather? When my mom and her sisters were younger, their father molested them. They have all since “forgiven” him and we have always had holidays and things at my grandparents homes. He also may have molested my sister. Since becoming adults none of my siblings or myself have had much contact with these grandparents. We have no relationship with them and while this bothers my Mom, we’ve all been pretty steadfast in cutting my grandparents out of our lives. I had a baby a few months ago. My parents only grandchild. About a month before, my grandmother died. My Mom is devastated by the loss of her mother and ecstatic with having a new grandchild. However she has been asking me, insisting actually, on a regular basis, that we go take my baby daughter to meet my grandfather. I understand that he is my mom’s only living parent and that this is my mom’s only grandchild and she wants her father to meet her. I just cannot place my daughters in the hands of a known pedophile. People have said well you’ll be right there with her. To me it doesn’t matter, it makes my skin crawl. But it’s gotten to the point now where I can’t keep making excuses and I’m either going to have to give in a take her to see him (which I will not do) or have a long talk with my mother about why this will never happen. Am I the asshole for not letting my grandfather meet my daughter?"
2198,"AITA for not believing my manipulative mom when she says she has cancer? A bit of a backstory...My mother is a user and had manipulated people her whole life. She would make me and my siblings call family members begging for money. Anything of worth we would buy, she would pawn. She isn’t/wasn’t an alcoholic or drug addict. She just loves blowing money. She has taken money from me and my siblings and ran our credit into the ground. My little sister is getting married in 7 months and up until recently, mom wasn’t invited. We all know the type of person she is and it’s hard to trust someone who took advantage of us. About a month ago, my mom went to the hospital for her cough. They did a biopsy on her and a week later, she tells me that I need to get my siblings together so we can all talk. We met up that weekend and she tells us she has stage 4 breast cancer. It has spread to her liver and lungs. She gives us the date (2-22) which she has her first chemo appointment and we make arrangements to go support her. My sister gets a text from her this morning “Hey, Thursday doctors appointment has been postponed, I will let you know when rescheduled. It’s because of change in insurance.” I called my mom after I got out of work and she tells me that they postponed chemo because she has to do radiation treatment. They found lesions on her brain and want to tackle that first. She won’t tell me where she is receiving treatment but I’m planning on finding out since I’m off Thursday anyways. I really want to believe my mom wouldn’t lie about something like this but it is so hard to convince myself she is telling the truth for once in her life. So AITA for not taking her at face value without proof?"
2199,"AITA for correcting someone about an actor in a movie? I was at a friend's house the other day and another friend of hers, Brad, came over with his girlfriend, Sam. I like Brad who enough, but Sam is a spaz and I try to avoid talking to her because she is not very smart but is extremely emotional. So, we're all sitting around shooting the shit when she starts thing on about how in love she is with Jared Leto: she would do him in a second, she had watched ALL his movies and she is his #1 fan... Look she even has her background changed to an awesome picture of him in ""Only Lovers Left Alive"". I didn't think anything of it when I looked at the picture and said ""no, that's Tom Hiddleston, Jared Letourneau isn't in Only Lovers Left Alive"", because it was a picture of Tom Hiddleston from the movie. Sam freaked out: telling me I am wrong, I know nothing about the movie, Tim Hiddleston looks like a bag of dirt and she would know the difference. I go to IMDB to check if I am right, I am, and I show it to her. She starts crying accuses me of being a bitch and demands to go home. Brad and another of his friends start acting like I'm the asshole because I should have just left it and now she's crying. Are they right? Was I the asshole? Should I have left her to show other people her awesome photo of not-Jerad Leto?"
2200,"AITA: For yelling at a transgendered student at my college... There’s this transgendered girl who attends the same college as me, let’s all her picket fence. So PF was born male but is female, she’s the type that chooses someone for their looks at becomes sexually obsessed with them, even if they already have a partner. I fell subject to her “sexual tension?” She tells everyone who tells her they don’t want to date her that they are “Transphobic” and “bigoted” so one day when another guy was getting chewed out by her I stood up and said “PICKET FENCE! YOU. CAN. NOT. USE. YOUR. TRANSGENDERED-NESS. AS A CRUTCH! You can not expect to be treated equally when you say that people who don’t want to date you because they are dating someone else is transphobic! ITS ABSURD.” She told me to piss off... and now her friends are really rude to me... what is this? Intermediary school?!"
2201,"AITA for wanting to tell my friend he shouldn’t get married. A very close friend of mine is getting married, I feel like he’s making a mistake and I want to say something to him but I just don’t know if I should or not. He’s 19 (as am I) and currently in bootcamp at Paris island. I recently received a message from his girlfriend (now fiancé) telling me that he proposed through a letter he sent her. After he has graduated bootcamp he will return for ten days, get married, then leave for 5 years. If any of you have experienced what it’s like to hold a long distance relationship in the military, how well did it work out? I have no problems with my friend, his girlfriend, or their relationship, I’m just worried it won’t work out and I don’t want to see him go through that. But even if it is a mistake, do I have any right to say anything to him?"
2202,"AITA for ""stealing"" a boy? The title can be a bit misleading. So, let's make nicknames for participants. My friend (a girl, my friend and teammate) is A, the boy (my friend and now my boyfriend) is B. I know both of them for quite a long time. On some parties, we were talking with B and then one day he sent me a message and we started chatting. Then he took me for a trip and I knew that something was going on, but I was still unsure. After a while he told me that A had a crush on him and kept asking him to date her. B didn't want to, because she is much older then him and because he doesn't like her so much. A now has a boyfriend (B thinks that it's out of desperation). We are now together with B. Am I the asshole? To clarify, B started it, not me. We do have a good relationship of course, not to sound like I'm unhappy."
2203,"AITA: I think I'm a racist. I'm not sure if I am, but (forgive me) I tend to view black people through a stereotypical lense. But only because they act so. It's not that I view all black people that way or that I believe I'm superior in any way. It's just that uncomfortable feeling I get around large groups. Am I an asshole?"
2204,"AITA for trying to get my girlfriend away from buying a house from her uncle? My girlfriend and I are looking for a new place. Her uncle recently bought an older house and wanted us to buy it from him in a rent-to-own fashion. He offered us a negotiable rate of ~60k for a 3br and 2bathroom which is nice, but he’s hit some kinks. He gutted all the walls, added on to them, and is planning on redoing plumbing and electrical so it’s up to code. But that was about a year ago. Today, the walls are still gutted, the outside looks horrible, the inside needs all new walls and floors, all of the electrical needs to be done including sockets, and the cellar has black mold/animals in it. His excuse is he’s running out of money for the house , but personally I think that’s just an excuse. The rest of the family seems to back him up so I’m giving him the benefit of the doubt. Anyways, now he’s asking us to pay for the contractor to build on the house so it gets done faster. I flat out said no, and my step mother said he *might* take the contractor cost out of the final payment if we did. Now I’m sitting here with my girlfriend talking about it. I’m still flat out saying no and we should just find another place that isn’t 10% done AND we don’t have to pay the contractor fees that we aren’t responsible for. She’s calling me an asshole and to give the guy more time, and paying for a contractor isn’t bad as long as he takes the payment off at the end. Edit: thanks so much for the help, and sorry I’ve not been here but, I’ve been following your guy’s advice and we’re talking to him. So far, we’ve decided to talk to him today about setting up a meeting between him and us. Thanks so much you guys!"
2205,"AITA for asking my ex what he would answer if asked why we broke up? I realize that I’m probably the asshole for even caring about this anymore but nevertheless... So I dated this guy for almost 2 years and we broke up about a year and a half ago. It was never perfect between us but I was happy and I believed he was too. Around the time we broke up, there was a lot of loose ends that never got tied up. It wasn’t anything cut and dry like either of us cheating or lying or a big fight, it was just a...weird situation. Kind of like an argument that turned into a break up. Fast forward to now and while we aren’t on the best of terms, we’re somewhat friendly with each other now. Meaning that we can talk without being at each other’s throats. I haven’t dated since we broke up and as far as I know, neither has he. But the other day, a friend of mine and I were talking and my ex was brought up. When my friend asked why we had broken up, I suddenly realized that I couldn’t come up with an answer. And the answers I did come up with didn’t sound to me like “break up worthy” reasons. Like I said, we had issues but nothing like most couples have that led to a break up. So later that day I text my ex and asked him what he would say if anyone were to ask him why he and I broke up. He didn’t answer and I assumed he’d gotten upset so I told him I wasn’t looking for a fight, I just realized that I didn’t really know what had happened and explained why it had come up. Plus he knows me well enough now to know that I’m not the kind of girl to bad mouth him to a stranger. He answered a few days later angrily saying he didn’t have an answer and I haven’t heard from him since. So am I the asshole for wanting to know what exactly ended our relationship?"
2206,"AITA for trying to trip my mom as a joke? Ok so my mom and I were getting ready to go get our legs waxed and our eyebrows done. Its a running gag between my friends and I to play rough so we're always shoving and tripping each other. My mom and I have a pretty good relationship and we were both in pretty good moods... I was in friend mode at this point so I just decided to trip her and I thought it'd be funny and that we'd laugh over it. But no. I stuck my leg out and she tripped. She then crouched onto the ground and started crying and whimpering ""Why did you do that? /What the fuck is wrong with you??/ "" She got really pissed and just stopped talking to me. We were at her work and I was like ""did I hurt you that bad??"". She thought I was being sarcastic but I was genuinely asking- I mean quite frankly when it happened I couldn't help but stifle a laugh since at the time I thought her reaction was slightly dramatic, but honestly I think it was also a nervous reaction since I tend to laugh when I'm nervous.. In front of her co-worker, she was yelling like ""You fucking kicked me in the leg. I'm gonna have a bruise, I could've fallen and broken my leg or my wrists,"" She left the workplace and went to the salon without me. Ended up taking the bus. I feel like such a dick omfg. Re reading this I sound like a total asshole, don't I?"
2207,"AITA the asshole for calling the CEO on a customer service issue I had ordered a fairly expensive item (that was time sensitive) and it was shipped to my house via UPS 2nd day without requiring a signature. I get the text it was delivered, but when I get home: no package. The selling company didn't require a signature so UPS just left. I emailed the company and got a response that they'd open ""an investigation."" So I called up the customer service rep tells me that I need to wait 8 business days for UPS to finish there investigation. I asked ""what happens when UPS says it was stolen?"" She tells she can't really say, but that they wouldn't be inclined to replace it just because it was stolen. So I'm thinking I'll need to call my bank and start a chargeback and I'm still out $800 while I'm waiting. So I get the idea to find the CEO on LinkedIn, so I reached out to him. Well he agreed with my PoV and told me to expect a resolution ASAP. Sure enough, I get an email from the same rep telling me the items would be replaced overnight and to call her to organize shipping. Well, I do, and I get a chilly effin response - she's clearly super pissed. Either way, I get my stuff and they keep a customer. So, clearly the customer service rep thinks I'm the asshole. But, my good bro also thinks I'm an asshole and I think his wife does too. So, good Internet, am I the asshole? tl;dr: I escalated to the CEO because of an answer I didn't like from a customer service rep."
2208,"AITA for letting my 7 year old down? My 7 year old has autism. He attends school and is doing really well. Today they had sports day, parents were invited to watch. However last week they had a swimming day and I went to watch and because he knew I was there he didn’t participate- he insisted on sitting with me and cried whenever he had to leave my side. It is unsettling for him to have me at school. So I told him I couldn’t come and watch sports today because I had work - I lied I did go and watch his sports day, but I hid from him. I watched him so proudly and I knew if he saw me he would stop and want to just hang with me so I didn’t go over until the end of the day. He was sad and asked me why I couldn’t come and watch because the other mums did. This broke my heart. I told him I was there and I had waved to him but he was so busy doing such an amazing job he must not have seen me, this seemed to cheer him up but I can’t stop thinking about him looking at the other mums and thinking I didn’t go. My heart is breaking for him. I have no idea if I did the right thing now. AITA?"
2209,"AITA Looking room for a best friend I've got this best friend of almost 6 years. We have been together through shitty things and joys. Now we don't hang out as much as we used to but we still keep on contact. Today he was looking for help to find an room, I send him one that was cheap, with its own bathroom and king size bed, I thought it was fine. However he tolds me that the landlord is a crazy bitch who doesn't allow visits for the roomates, so he calls me an idiot. I forgot that it was the same room that he visited a year ago. I kinda feel bad right now for failling my friend like that. Pd: sorry for my shitty english, I'm not a native speaker. And the shitty formating, I'm on the phone Edit: He apologized."
2210,"AITA for not going drinking as a third wheel on a first date? So I have a friend who has had some pretty terrible relationships in the past. She went on a first date Saturday night with someone who would be long-distance. She said “if I like him I will text you to come meet him” in an attempt to judge if he’d be a decent human being. So Saturday night comes and she texts that she’s having a horrible time. An hour later she texts that after a drink he was good. At 10 she wanted me to go out and meet this guy. By that time I was getting ready for bed because I work at a church so I said no. Now she said that I abandoned her, hasn’t spoken to me since Sunday, and unfriended me on all social media. Am I the asshole for not going out that late to go bar hopping?"
2211,"AITA For Feeling Upset at my Suicidal Ex? My ex has been struggling with severe depression and suicidal ideation for the last few months. He’s had two attempts, the first about 2-3 months ago, and the last one happened night before last. He overdosed on insulin both times. The first time happened when I had stayed the night at his place, and he got up during the night to use the restroom and never came back to bed. His dad found him passed out on the couch that morning. It wasn’t until everyone had left for work that he realized he’d injected himself with insulin (which has been a part of his life ending plan for awhile). I got him up and dressed and convinced him to go into the ER, and I ended up sitting with him through the entire 6 hour psych hold. The second time happened right after we were supposed to go out for dinner. He kept putting it off all evening, saying he was helping his dad with something, which I found out was a lie from his mom after the fact. Finally he sent me a text saying he couldn’t go out because his account had overdrafted. He then said he was done with his life and said goodnight. A few minutes later, I received a text that simply said, “75 units lantus, 300 units fast acting. Tell [young son from a previous marriage] I love him”. Naturally, I freaked the fuck out. I tried calling his mom and sister (he lives with his family) but nobody answered, and so I called 911 and sent them a screenshot of the text so they could take him to the hospital even against his will. They were able to get his sugars stabilized, and yesterday evening he was admitted into psych until he’s no longer a danger to himself. I feel really bad about this but I can’t help feeling like he’s been really selfish about this. Not that I think suicide in itself is selfish, I’m very liberal and believe it’s your body, your life, your choice. And I’m also really glad that he reached out, even though he made it pretty clear in the hospital that he regretted that decision very much. I’m just coming from a place where I feel like he is continually putting me in this position and I’m beginning to resent him for it. Our relationship was short, only 3 months, but it took a huge toll on my mental and physical health. Towards the end, I was putting so much of myself into trying to help him that I’d stopped eating, was fainting from dehydration, and experiencing seizures from my conversion disorder nearly every time I was with him, from the stress of trying to help him and the insecurity and heartbreak I felt when he’d make it clear I wasn’t wanted around and he wasn’t even interested in me anymore. [edit** I should add that he also compared me to, and eventually told me that he still had feelings for"
2212,"AITA If I've decided not to go on a school walkout? Like I understand where these people are coming from, I may not always agree with everyone else's political and ideological ideas, but I understand where they are coming from when the talk of a school walkout is around. But that being said, I'd rather not. I have worked really hard this year to keep my grades where they are, and I have no inclination to gain absences in classes I really want to do better in. I hardly am indifferent to the deaths of other people, but I don't think leaving school will fix anything. Most of the people I spoke to have no idea what the actual plan would be to regulate guns or whatever. I don't know, just needed some other opinions."
2213,"AITA for changing my Spotify password? Background for context I have Spotify premium. I also have a best friend Steve. I’ve been letting him use my Spotify because 1. It would be $10 a month for him, and he doesn’t have a job and 2. I am always in “offline mode” so I really don’t mind that he’s using it, until recently. On to the story Lately I’ve been online because I’ve been listening to new music, but every time I go on Spotify, he’s on it. If you don’t know, Spotify (the regular version) isn’t meant to have two people listening to it, so I can’t use it while he’s using it. If I try to change it to my music, he just changes it back, so it causes a “war” between us. I’ve talked to him multiple times about it. He assured me that he downloaded his music and he’s offline now, but he’s not?? So onto the “am I the asshole” part. I changed my Spotify password. It logged out all of my devices, including his phone. So basically it means he can’t listen on my account anymore. Again, I’ve asked him (nicely) multiple times to please go offline so the actual subscription payer (read- me) can listen to music without having to worry about him being on there. I feel a tad bit bad about it because he is my best friend, but I’m tired of him doing this to me, especially since I’ve asked him nicely multiple times to stop. **So am I the asshole??**"
2214,"WIBTA for telling my close friend I can't help her move? My friend and I were super close up until recently. Basically, she's choosing to stay in a bad relationship with a partner who cheats on her. I told her I'll always support her (and obviously hope for her relationship to work), but that I don't like and never will trust her boyfriend. Because I expressed my feelings for him, she got upset that her closest friend doesn't approve of the man she loves. After this, we no longer saw each other as often as we used to. We didn't fight or anything, but she did get pretty upset and defensive over my opinion. We both have a lot of free time to see each other, so not having the time to get together isn't the problem. Out of the last 7 times (I recently started keeping track lol) I've tried making plans, 4 times she told me she couldn't because she felt like staying in. Okay, that's fine, I get it, but then 2 of those 4 times she ended up going out with another mutual friend (I saw her in snapchats from our mutual friend). The other 3 times we had plans and she either ""forgot"" (and went out with someone else) or canceled last minute. During these couple of months she has not tried to make plans with me at all. So recently, about 3 weeks ago I decided to stop trying to make plans and let her reach out to me. She hasn't, but a little while ago I got a text asking me if I wanted to help her move. I helped her move last time, and she told me she wouldn't have burdened me (by helping her), if she had a bigger car. I have a large suv, which is why she asked me back then, so I feel like now she's only asking me because she needs to utilize my truck. TL;DR: A friend who has been avoiding getting together because I told her I don't like her cheating boyfriend, has reached out to me (for the first time in 2 months) and asked if I wanted to help her move. Trying to make plans has been completely one-sided (from me) for the past couple of months, so I'm reluctant to say yes to helping her since this is the first time she's asked to ""get together"" in a while. Basically, I feel like she's just trying to use me."
2215,"AITA for only believing in god when i need something? For example, if i cant find something id be like oh please please god can you help me find this eraser and what not But this particular incident knocked me up good So i had this really big friend crush and i would only see him RARELY on the bus going home from school. He looked so much like a celebrity. Anyways so i was like GOD if i can be friends with him i would stop doubting you. SO two years later after highschool, (He went to a different highschool on the southside even tho he lived in my neighborhood) , i met a friend and one day he was like hey meet _____ and lord to be told it was him AND he had the same name as me. Like what the fuck. I was like HOLY SHIT GOD THANK YOU. Even tho i still doubt god exists or not but if he is i wanna thank god for this even tho my friendship with the guy isnt even that great..."
2216,"WIBTA if I tried to change school event plans as a lower class student because I’m worried about safety? So to give you some context: I’m a freshman student involved in a tech class where we have total freedom over our projects (look up the EAST program to learn more). I attend a school that was victim of a school shooting many years ago. The 20th anniversary of the shooting is approaching, and our class coordinator wants to make a school wide memorial service celebrating the survivors, as well as the victims’ lives. The problem is that after the recent Florida shooting, students have been screwing around and making threats about shootings, getting them put in OSS. If we have a crowded memorial service, I’ve got a bad feeling that someone is going to try to pull something on the anniversary when 700+ students are all packed in one place. I really want to propose to the coordinator, principal, and possibly the superintendent about safety precautions, as well as change event plans so it’s not crowded and dangerous. I’d also like to see if we could get a few extra policemen for the day, as we only have one. He’ll most likely be at the middle school as that’s where the first shooting took place, not the high school. Our school is also in the south, so gun nut parents might feel we’re using the incident to make it political, and this could lead to adults + teens being aggressive. At the same time, I’m only a freshman, and I feel that I’m trying to pull something “above my paygrade” or make the staff feel that they’re ignorant by doing so. I also still want to have a memorial service, as our school generally pushes the incident under the rug. The victims deserve to be acknowledged and respected, so I don’t want to ruin any plans by worrying about something. I don’t want to get in the way, but I can’t help but be worried. WIBTA? And what do you think I should do??"
2217,"AITA for walking off from my friend? So quick bit of background info. I’m 24, and last year was diagnosed with an early stage of cancer. I had chemotherapy which was an incredibly tough time, however i’ve been given the all clear since. Fast forward to yesterday. My friend and I work for the same company just different departments. She asked me to have lunch with her which i said yes to but she said she wanted to go to the nearby mall as there was an event being held for a little boy who is blind and has just beaten cancer and loves fire trucks. There was a fire truck organised for him to go on and the public were welcome to come and cheer him on. I told my friend I really didn’t want to go to this. Children with cancer make me quite emotional and it’s not how i wanted to spend my lunch which i told her. Any way she insisted i go with her. As we approached the mall there was a very large crowd of people, i kept telling her i didn’t want to go to this but she kept saying we won’t stay for long. I should point out, i have anxiety and hate being around large groups, which she knows. Any way, the crowd was massive, we could barely see anything, i was being pushed by people wanting to get closer and it was just crap. I still kept telling her i wanted to leave and she still kept saying “we’ll go soon”. Eventually i got fed up and walked off and back to the office. She sent me a text message saying “Can’t believe you.” to which i never replied and we haven’t spoken since. Am i the asshole in this case for walking off? I really don’t feel that i am but she clearly thinks so..."
2218,"WIBTA if I told my ex I don't want to be friends with her anymore? For the background, we broke up about 2 months ago (just before Christmas) for very good reasons. In our discussions of previous relationships, I have told her that I don't like to stay in contact with exes, whereas she likes to be on speaking terms with everyone in her life. Unfortunately, the breakup was a little complex so we didn't stop talking immediately. Since then, we've been texting, talking, and even hung out a couple times because I'm a spineless cretin who can't stick up for himself. At this point, would I be the asshole if I decided to stop talking to her? Edit: I didn't really want to add many details, but reading over the first couple responses made me realize that I was insanely vague. We were friends for about 7 years before we started dating. This girl is really shy and has very few friends. She has some pretty big family issues, so the only people she really interacts with socially are her current boyfriend and her exes. I feel like an asshole to essentially rip 1/3 of her friend group away from her. I'm also her confidante for her mental health issues. I know that shouldn't keep me chained to the friendship, but I hate to betray that trust and force her to find someone new (if she does at all)."
2219,"AITA for summarizing my major Girlfriend and I were in a rideshare yesterday after a fun, chill night out at a bar. On the way back we shared a ride through an app with another couple that we did not know at all. They were pretty drunk and we all talked the whole way back. Near the end of the trip, he asks us what majors we were (we went to the same uni and he had just graduated). She told him her major and I told him mine which is a smaller, harder major. He asked what I could work as with that major. By the nature of my major, it encompasses most of the things two other majors do, unarguably. To make it short and with the influence of alcohol, I said I can basically do anything X and Y majors can do, plus Z. When we got back girlfriend was upset and kept telling me how thats not true and you cant just say that and after trying to explain to her that it is part of our curriculum to learn what they do and more, she kept talking with her stance. I asked her if we could stop talking about it and she kept pushing it, later saying I was pushing it because I responded to what she would say to me. (?). Then when i said I really didnt want to talk about it anymore she got mad again. We couldnt even have a proper conversation because she left the room to go sit in the living room and after going there and asking her to come back so we could sleep, she refused. I then decided to just leave and go back to my place because she had to be up early and I hoped she would go back to her bed if she was angry and i wasnt there. Also: her points at the end were that even if it is true, it is a very douchy thing to say and it rubbed her wrong. She said this isnt the first time it happened and the other time she felt this way was when someone asked me how many languages I spoke and I talked about some of the places I went for study programs in high school. I actively try to not put it out there unless someone asks me because its a lot of languages. So, AITA for: 1. Saying ""I can basically do any job an X or Y major could do"" 2. For trying to stop the conversation so we could sleep 3. For leaving her place Sorry if writing is bad, english is not a first language."
2220,"AITA Parent possibly stealing money from me and call them out, they get pissed at me So long story short, I am 21 and recently moved out my parents house into a place of my own, just for a little background info. Now one semester at school I had to take out a loan for X amount to pay off remaining tuition. Fast forward to now and I have X amount ready to pay back once the payment period starts, which isn't for a WHILE. I had saved the money in a joint account between my mother and myself cause I was only 19 at the time and had yet gotten my own separate bank account. Apparently parent moved the money out of the joint account, into my other shared account, then moved it into another account where I could not access it. So of course I get suspicious (this isn't the first time she has done shady shit like this) I question saying ""where did my loan money go"" she tells me what she did with it, as I expected. Now upon telling her that it is my money and now that I am out of her house and 21 years old she no longer has the right to watch over my money. It isn't right for her to keep hold of money, that I have earned by the way, just because she ""says so"" and then she gets pissed at me for calling her out on that. Like wtf AITA? am I wrong? Cause god forbid that something happens and I need that to fall back on and now can't cause she has it under lock and key. tl;dr- Parent moved my money into an account I can't access, call her out she gets pissed at me AITA EDIT: Argued enough for her to keel over and hand my money over!!"
2221,"AITA for dating my old friends girlfriend? So my two best friends Sean and Chloe started dating about a year ago; they dated for about 6 months and their relationship ended harshly when Chloe accused Sean of cheating on her. Sean claimed for about 4 months that he did not do it and because I was more of Sean's friend than Chloe's friend, I defended him. I come to find out that he did cheat on her twice and because he lied to me about it for so long and because he let me defend him we stopped hanging out. For the past 2 months me and Chloe have been hanging out more and more because she has also been one of best friends for a while, I started to sense some romantic chemistry between us and I then asked her out, am I the asshole?"
2222,"AITA for being jealous that my girlfriend is going to a random chat app. I met my now girlfriend on a random chat app. So it is a long distance relationship and I have never had one before. Well every now and then I get a notification that she is on that app. Every time I see it I get incredibly jealous and almost tell her about how I feel on the subject. But decide against it to not come off as ""that guy"" that won't let his girl do things she wants to. Am I the asshole for almost getting mad at her for going on that app? EDIT: a word"
2223,"WIBTA if I only offer to pay for one friend to come out with me, when both can't afford to come? My friend Jasmine and I both tended to cover each other when we are short and want to go out when we were young. Alex has always been our friend and is actually the one who introduced us back in high school. I went to college, neither of them did. While I was in college I was working multiple jobs and pretty much living the poor college student budget (noodles almost ever meal, never going out, ect.). Even with the extra funding I got for being the only person in my family to ever go to college and poor person scholarship money I had trouble paying the bills. When I would come home to visit Jasmine would cover my way when she knew funds were really tight for me, and if I came when she was having a bad time (hours cut at work, other normal stuff like that) I would cover her. Alex pretty much never had money and never covered either of us, despite working a way better job then either of us had at the time. When Alex did have money she would ask for rides to places that were pretty far out (45 minutes to a sex shop we had all visited together before), to buy things for herself. She never offered to treat us back. One time we talked about all going to get our eyebrows and nails done together as a celebration (I got all A's my first year, Jasmine got a good raise), Alex just assumed that we would be paying her way. The point of this is, we got very frustrated with Alex's behavior. I just graduated college and got a job in my dream field. I am making more money then I ever expected to in my life when I was younger ($40,000 a year, its amazing). Anyway I am coming to my hometown again to visit and to help my Aunt move in to a new trailer. When I told Jasmine and Alex what days I would be able to meet and the reason I was coming down Jasmine offered to come and help my aunt (who she has never met move) and informed me that she wouldn't really have the funds to do anything big while I was in town but would be happy to meet up and just walk around town. Alex did not make any sort of comment offering to help (not that I would expect it), but did comment that she did not have any money either and suggested that we go see a movie. In this thread of texts she also called Jasmine her Sugar Mama and implied that she expected Jasmine to pay the way. On top of this I am the only one with a car (Jasmine walks 45 minutes to a bus stop for work each day, and then takes an hour and a half bus, Alex has her parents drive her to"
2224,"Wibta for exposing my ex for cheating on me I'm a senior in high school and my ex is a junior at the other high school in our town. We had been together 8 months. She cheated on my while I was visiting colleges, literally the first day i was gone. There was no indication of unhappiness in the relationship and it really caught me off guard. I wouldn't directly expose her, but I would tell a really talkative friend who goes to her school which would basically be the same thing. Wibta?"
2225,"AITA for getting kicked out? Back in august of 2017 I was living with my dad, he is in his in his 60's and I am 18. Well, one day my dad was at the kitchen table drinking coffee with his friends, when he saw my cat messing around with one of his plants. He called me into the room to make me make the cat stop, so I picked him up and took him to my room. Well, a few hours later, i'm getting ready for work and the cat does it again so my dad yells at me and tells me ""get that thing under control or i'll take it outside and shoot the fucking thing."" I put the cat back into my room, closed the door and told my dad ""Fuck off you psycho"" and went to work. I come home after work and my birth certificate, Social Security Card and other paperwork are on my computer desk. He comes into my room and says ""i'm fucking off. get out of my house."" and goes outside and takes the license plates off my car (which is my only way to work, i was a pizza delivery boy. But he also bought them and paid the insurance, so he had the right to do it i guess) and tells me to leave. I pack up some things and i lived with my girlfriend for a few months before working at mcdonalds for a while and getting enough to have an apartment. It's been all this time since and he recently ripped a hernia he had and is telling me its my fault because I made him lonely and sad by ""being a disrespectful punk"" and he's saying he's ""gonna die with my kid hating me."" I told him i wasn't going to apologize to him unless I get an apology and he refuses. He just keeps saying i'm a bad person for really leaving and all that. I just feel so guilty, am I the asshole here? should I have just not said anything and stayed home? this changed my whole life and I feel guilty every night over it."
2226,"AITA for not paying for a damage of a plastic panel Sorry for long post and no to:dr as there’s too much context So basically me and this guy hate each other because of a lot of things. However, we are passive aggressive till recently. During the incident, he said my Co curriculum activity was shit, and I replied that if they produce someone like you then they are also bad. Before that we had an oral test in front of class. He gave a thumbs down which I interpreted him as being salty as he didn’t do very well. Going back to my reply, then he said some profanities while I continued saying that is this what your parents taught you? Using parents as a tool to provoke him without swearing while he was screaming profanities profusely. Then there was this other guy who were friends with both of us and witnessed everything above, I whispered to him that he is probably salty about the test shit. Then he was so angry he took my water bottle and threw it against the plastic panel which broke (but not my water bottle) After that we had a talk with our teachers which resulted in us being friends again but then because I was held back for this even though I didn’t damage any property, my mother came down and had a talk with my form tutor. Finally it ended with her saying she wanted an email from the teacher following this incident or if possible a phone call from the guys parents (he was known for having a horrible temper last year, being violent after provoked the slightest, it isn’t so bad now) however till now she hasn’t emailed at all. The next day the teacher asked him to pay $60 but never message me to pay $30 which was half of the cost. We agreed to pay 50% each during The talk. Then my mother doesn’t give me the money because she needed the email to say like whatever. Throughout the teacher didn’t message me or email me about the cost at all, only messaging the other guy. Now we are no longer friends because he shouted I need to change my bad habit which was discussed during our talk . I felt he was hypocritical as he was over exaggerating, another thing we talked about. Now my friend is blaming me because I’m not paying for the window as the guy only paid half . I explained to him that it was because my mom didn’t allow and that there could be something else we didn’t know about and that’s the reason why the teacher didn’t say that I needed to pay. He said he wanted to go ask on my behalf but I told him not to because there could be a reason. Then now he’s angry and is giving me the cold shoulder. I feel that although it concerns you as it results in poor air flow, it is none of your business not to do anything at"
2227,"AITA for not finishing my conversation with my mom? I had a pretty awful day at work today. I work retail, and it was a tough, stressful day. I called my mom up when I finished (I live with my parents, paying rent and all that), asked if she wanted anything bringing home for dinner, and told her I'd had a not great day and would like to talk about it when I got home. She said okay, I got the stuff she asked for, and went home. I get home and she's watching tv, so after I put my coat away, I waited a few minutes for her show to finish. When it does, she tells me to tell her about my day. It wasn't mean to be a super long story, but a LOT had happened, and I think I ended up talking non-stop for about five minutes when she got a phone call. She looked at her phone, waved a hand at me to say ""hold on"", and answered the phone while I was in mid-sentence. Honestly, I found this super rude. Its a struggle in my household as is to be heard sometimes, and the fact that my mom thought it was no big deal to answer a phone call while I was talking hurt. It was my dad, and he just wanted to talk about their weekend plans. She stayed on the phone with him, while I got up at started to put the shopping/my work stuff away. A few minutes later, she gets off the phone and asks me to continue. I'm still putting the shopping away, so I asked her to wait a moment. She got a little offended, and said, ""I thought we were having a conversation?"" I replied back, (dumb, but I was pretty annoyed), ""well, you were the on the phone."" She waves it off and just says, ""oh like you wouldn't have done the same thing."" I told her honestly that no, I wouldn't answer a phone call in the middle of a conversation I was having with someone else, and that it was a little rude. Voice was calm, not yelling or angry tone, or anything like that. She just rolled her eyes at me, and said ""seriously?"", and then started to ignore me. When my mom is mad at people, she gives the silent treatment. As a child I would literally beg her to talk to me, but as an adult I have no patience for it. So I went and fixed myself some food and went upstairs to my room, and we haven't spoken since. We likely won't speak until I make the first move Thing is - was I being a petty asshole? It *was* just a few minute phone call, and I'm not sure if I blew things out of proportion and made things worse rather than just moving on and finishing what I was saying. Now we like won't talk until tomorrow when she 'forgives' me - was I an asshole for pushing it that"
2228,"AITA for hating my brother? My brother and I used to be good friends when I was a kid. We hung out, played vidya, and enjoyed each other's company. I looked up to him (he's 13 years older). About the time he joined the navy and he had his first kid with his first wife, things changed. He started acting like my dad and shitting on me for everything I did. As his marriage fell apart and they had two more kids, he started getting angrier and angrier with life in general. Physical altercations between him and I became more of a regular thing. He's been remarried for almost ten years now, but his anger has only gotten worse. He screams blue murder at his kids for doing regular dumb kid shit and whenever I pull him aside to tell him to chill, he threatens me saying I'm ""patronizing him"". I met my now wife and he's said awful things about her weight and career choice to me, but insists on asking her advice for kid stuff (recently his eldest son shit too close to the house, in a manner of speaking). He ruined a trip my wife and our parents made to his place for new years with one of his explosive outbursts to the point we left his house and celebrated new years eve in our hotel room. Our mom claims that he's jealous because I'm happier and I don't have kids and have all my disposable income to spend on fun shit while he's drowning in debt (mind you, he bought two large swaths of land and a used $16000 beemer and a used $40000 truck). I'm at the point that I'm going to tell him to exit my life and to only talk to me when mom and dad die because his negative influence literally drags me down (he used to put all kinds of negative shit in my head about my wife cheating on me, or trapping me into having a kid and then never working again and it used to get my wife and I into arguments because of how paranoid he made me). I wish he'd realize I'm a grown man and if he needs to reach out, to have enough respect for me as his brother and fellow man to ask for help, but he won't. It breaks my fucking heart to know the guy has issues that he needs to get off his chest but that he won't see me as equal enough to let me help him out in some way."
2229,WIBTA for taking someone's completed laundry out of the dryer? I live in a small apartment complex with only one washer and one dryer for eight units. The dryer takes one hour to complete its cycle. Is waiting an hour PAST the point of completion a reasonable amount of time before politely removing and stacking someone else's completed load so I can use the dryer? Or should I just wait... and wait... and wait? Personally I feel like a sixty minute grace period is more than enough as we're all aware we only have the one dryer. Am I just being impatient and selfish?
2230,"AITA for ignoring my ex-gf's request to not date her friend? So, my ex invited me to her birthday party last weekend, wich took place at another friends location, because its easier to reach via bus/train. Anyway, we've been good friends almost ever since we broke up two-three years ago. She's got a boyfriend since about two months after we broke up, I've been single, mostly. So I made out with a friend of her on said party. She didnt say anything right away but kinda went to sleep (?) for about an hour until I drove her home, because I actually stayed sober all the time. Wich is when she asked me, if it was possible for me to not date one of her friends because it would be 'hurting to watch' - I'm paraphrasing. I felt like she was overstepping some boundary and decided to just not answer at the time, and to also ignore her request. While I'm confident that I'm in the right, thinking its unfair of her to ask me something like that, it still made me feel bad and continues to do so to some degree. So I just wanna make sure, Am I the Asshole? Edit: 'Hurting to watch' most likely NOT in the way of me being a mean piece of shit who is going to fuck her/it up. She didnt specify tho. But I'm a nice guy, generally speaking."
2231,"AITA for taking my kitchen supplies away from my roommate? I live in a two person apartment with a roommate I can’t stand. We were best friends before moving in. One of those situations. A while back, I stopped allowing my roommate to use my xbox. I was deemed not the asshole then by popular consensus. That story can be found here https://www.reddit.com/r/AmItheAsshole/comments/7he9j3/aita_for_punishing_my_20_yr_old_roommate/?st=JE4R8KTN&sh=df377b54. Now, it’s been a few months since. We get along sort of. We don’t hangout besides if we’re at the apartment at the same time though. One thing I cannot stand is playing maid. Which is non stop with this guy. It’s seriously ridiculous. I assigned us duties around the house that he agreed to. I said I would load dishes in the dishwasher if he started the load and put them away. He agreed. Now, here’s what I can’t stand. When he eats, he uses a lot of sauces. BBQ, Ketchup, etc. He NEVER cleans the sauces or any excess food off. We have a garbage disposal and he puts the food on the non garbage disposal side. So, if the food falls off, he assumes I clean it from the sink. I told him he needs to wash the plates/bowls after he uses them and get that shit off. also, if he uses the pan to make food, or the pot to make ramen, he leaves behind the residue. I always, always, always take the 10 seconds after using either the pot or pan and give it a quick scrub, making it look clean and not left with anything on it. I asked he does the same. He said he will, but whenever i come home, it’s the same thing for plates/dishes/pots/pans/bowls. I am so sick of playing maid especially when it’s me that supplying everything. So, here’s what i plan on doing. I will give him 1 cup. 1 bowl. 1 plate. 1 pan. A few of each utensil (spoon, forks, etc.). If he wants to eat, and his plate,bowl, w/e is dirty, he will have to clean it himself. Does this make me an asshole or is it understandable that I’m not his mother?"
2232,"AITA for inadvertently sparking a neighborhood feud? So I've lived on my street for 11 years, I know everybody on the block and get along with them for the most part. The majority of my neighbors have been here as long or longer than me, but there's this young couple that just moved in next door. They're nice enough people, I chat with them from time to time, but they're not totally used to the neighborhood yet. Two Sundays ago I was out on my front steps when a fight started down the street. There's this older broad that lives down there and has her family over for lunch every week after church. Two of her sons don't get along though, so they get into it every so often. The wife next door comes out to see what's going on and she starts getting all upset. I try to calm her down, I tell her this has been happening for years, they're fine, etc, but she says someone needs to call the cops. I tell her no one is going to call the cops. She says she'll do it then, and goes back into the house to get her phone. I go down the street and tell the sons to stop because somebody is calling the police. I didn't say who or point or anything, but their mom was standing in the doorway of her house and I guess she'd seen me talking to the wife, because she knows who it was. She is maaaaad. She told all of our other neighbors about it, so a bunch of them are now giving the couple the cold shoulder. There's a group of old guys who hang out on their stoops when the weather's nice, and whenever they see the wife walk by they're like ""OH HIDE YOUR BEER OR ELSE SHE'LL CALL THE COPS, HAHAHA."" Also, parking in this neighborhood is really tough, and the lady whose sons were fighting owns this little half-lot type deal next to her house. It's only big enough for one car, but since she doesn't drive anymore, she lets the neighbors use it. A couple days after this incident, the husband from next door parked there, which he does a lot. When he went to get his car the next morning, apparently the lady caught him outside and told him he wasn't allowed to use it anymore. So now he's really pissed at me, he's saying his wife was trying to do the right thing and I created all this unnecessary drama by ratting her out. I said that I actually didn't rat her out, but he says I made it obvious who was going to call the police by going right down there after talking to her. To be fair, he does have a point with that. Also, this woman, the older one with the sons, is easily the craziest person on the block. She's usually crazy in a nice way, but I've seen her turn nasty before. On the other hand, I'm not sure that"
2233,"AITA for not wanting to hug my little sister? I’m 19 and my sister is 14. We were pretty close growing up, but she also had a huge behavior problem stemming from adoption issues and general mental health things. Mostly she just lashed out at my parents, but as she got older she began treating me like shit too. I can’t go into too much detail cause we’d be here forever, but she would basically insult me, gaslight me, and treat my family like shit emotionally. I noticed a few years back that I couldn’t have physical contact with my sister. If we even touched hands accidentally, I’d physically cringe and need to wipe my hand somewhere. I can’t help it. She has gotten a LOT better but I’m still unable to touch her. I recently started my first year of college and obviously when I was dropped off there was a lot of hugging. I couldn’t hug her. When I go home for visits, I can sometimes force myself to do it, but not always. I feel bad because I know she’s trying to repair our relationship, and I feel like a total asshole for rejecting her. But at the same time, I can’t physically bring myself to hug her. AITA?"
2234,"WIBTA for not paying my pet sitter I asked an acquaintance to watch my apartment and two bearded dragons over the weekend (the one is too small yet to travel) and she said she was available. Let’s call her A. A asked if her friend M could stay in the apartment with her and I said yes because I also know M somewhat. Friday to Sunday we’re good until I got a text from M saying that A got really sick and she had to take her home. I knew A wasn’t feeling well before I left so that wasn’t a big deal, I just got another friend to pick up the keys to check in on the lizards Monday morning. I got home around 2:00 Monday afternoon and put my bags down and noticed a few of the following things. 1-they left a massive pile of towels and sheets and blankets which costed me around $20 to wash. 2-Instead of using the dish scrubby that was hanging on the kitchen faucet, M had dug through the cleaning cabinet and took a used sponge to wash dishes. This sponge happened to be the sponge I use to clean the bathroom including the toilet. So all the dishes had to be rewashed and sanitized. 3- Even though the dishes were “washed” there were still chunks of food stuck to them 4- there were two full garbage bags sitting on the kitchen floor. 5- there was poo all over the toilet seat 6- there was poo on the floor 7- there was poo flecks on the back of the door 8- the bathtub was filthy 9- oh and more poo on the radiator 10- One of the bags in the kitchen was a bag full of poo soaked paper towels. In my kitchen. So I’m conflicted. A obviously had no control over her bowels due to sickness, I feel bad for her and honestly when you got to go you got to go. So she went home and trusted M to take care of cleanup and she did a crap (hehe) job. I am really mad at the quality of cleaning as I keep a very clean house. I don’t know if I should pay A for the weekend because she did watch the pets/apartment for 3/4 days, or not pay her because of the mess, almost like that covers the cost of cleaning. (I clean professionally so it’s like hiring me to clean for me, does that make any sense?)"
2235,"AITA for refusing to speak to my brother? So my brother just got kicked out of boarding school for “not respecting authority” “no sense of privacy” and “obsession with terrorism”. He also beat up a kid because the kid liked Thomas the Tank Engine and my brother thought it was childish. In the school that we went to together (I still go to this school) he stole 600$ from a teacher. My mum is mentally abusive to me and If I don’t do something to the highest standard, I am always put down and humiliated. Even If I do something well, my mum always goes “but [Insert friends name] son/daughter has done [x,y or z!] why can’t you?!”. So all the expectations are on me. With my brother, It’s like my parents aren’t even surprised. I feel incredibly disappointed that someone from my family was kicked out of school and will probably have to go to “stupid school”. This is humiliating for me, because I now have very high standards and I feel upset that my mum always expects so much from me, but this doesn’t apply to him. I have stopped replying to his texts (they are very rare anyway). He only messages me dumb “funny” things about games or just says “How are you?” and then doesn’t come back for a week. So now I am ignoring him. I know he is my brother but I think that If I don’t want to talk to someone, then I have the right not to."
2236,"AITA for not wanting to shower? I live with my mom. She gets pissy if I don’t shower frequently. But I don’t want to! It is a huge chore for me (esp with long, thick hair) and if I’m not planning on leaving the house anyway...who cares?? I say she should just give me some space if she thinks I smell bad. My body, my decision. AITA?"
2237,"AITA for giving up on my addict sister? My sister is 2 years older than me and we used to be close but she moved out a few years ago to live with her abusive boyfriend and she got addicted to meth soon after. She kicked out the boyfriend a few months ago and went to rehab and then came to live with us (me and my parents) and about 3 days after she was released from rehab, she went back to her (ex)boyfriend and soon got addicted again. I’m at the point where if she calls me for help or money, I don’t answer and I tell her it’s her own problem. I know she’s going to let it kill her because she refuses to let anyone help her despite my parents’ multiple attempts. I honestly don’t care if she lets it kill her at this point."
2238,"AITA for getting upset when a friend said I would coerce a girl into sex if we dated This may be a long one. So I was in a relationship for almost three years that ended almost exactly a month ago (I'm 19, she joined the Navy and after a few months it just wasn't working out). Being a moron, I immediately wanted to start dating again. I asked a certain girl if she was okay with me asking her roommate out (don't worry too much about the why but there was a valid reason). Instead of really talking to me herself, she had another mutual friend call me to said friend's room and run off a list of reasons why my asking this girl out would basically ruin her life whether she reciprocated feelings for me or not. One of the reasons was basically that they felt I would coerce her into sex before she was ready. That really made me upset. I didn't yell or anything, but said in a message to the original friend ""I'll keep you guys' concerns in mind"" and that apparently came off as dismissive to her and made her mad at me. I have not asked the roommate out. (Some context) : no, I don't hunt girls down on campus for sex. We are the same age. I am relatively promiscuous (it was an open relationship), but would rather die than ever feel like I'm pressuring someone into anything. The mutual friend's phrasing - at least to me - seemed like she was trying to say that I WOULD pressure her. I get concern for a friend and would have been perfectly fine with ""please be careful it seems like something that could happen,"" but that is not what was said. I did apologize for seeming dismissive, but she is still upset at me. AITA for getting upset and seemingly dismissive? Edit: both of the friends have been in to put it simply horrible relationships, acknowledge that said relationships were horrible, and are trying to keep their friend from having a similar experience because...it actually seems like they just don't trust men. I totally understand their concern, and am not truly angry at them, just making sure that how I replied specifically wasn't too mean."
2239,"AITA for wanting to end a friendship over negativity? I've been friends with a guy for almost 10 years now. He is a good person and I have a lot of good memories spending time with him. However, ever since I met him he has become one of the most negative people I have ever met, and recently it has started to grate on me more than usual. I noticed it when I first met him and it was much more subtle then. From time to time he would make deprecating jokes about how minor everyday things suck, or when we would play video games together he would always bemoan whenever he met any sort of difficulty or failure. I brushed it off as his way of dealing with stress over little annoyances, and for a while I was able to ignore it. Then I started hanging out with him less, largely due to college life ending and full-time work and hobbies taking up my free time. The few times I got to hang out with him, his negative demeanor felt much more present, probably because of my no longer being around him all the time and no longer being desensitized to how often he was negative toward things, and possibly because his open negativity had increased over time. I became much more aware of how often he said negative things about almost anything and everything. For the sake of clarity, when I say he is negative about things I don’t mean he complains sometimes. It can be healthy to complain and vent your frustrations, and my friend group is very good at allowing everyone to vent about everyday problems and helping each other get through personal issues. However, this friend finds something negative to say in almost every situation. He mainly says something negative about running into problems or being annoyed in life or with video games, but if any conversation arises about any topic he is always quick to chime in with a negative viewpoint. Even if the conversation were about something positive or enjoyable, this guy always makes sure his two cents of bad feelings are inserted. Some recent examples: If I would bring up a new video game that I wanted to try, he would immediately state how much he dislikes games of that style (even if he’s never played them before). If someone tells a joke or story, he'll always disparage what they say. If I talk about the weather, he’ll bring up how much the rain sucks or how the sun is too bright. If I had a great day, he’ll make sure to let me know that he did not. He isn’t always negative, but his positive statements are comparatively few and far between. I brought this up to him one day. I asked him why he is so negative all the time. He told me he had been dealing with depression recently and that he actively tries to not say so many negative things. I empathize with his struggle with depression and I commend"
2240,"AITA for not giving this old man a ride? A little about me before everyone judges; I'm 22 y/o female who's 4'10, so I'm pretty small. I took a little karate as a child, but certainly not enough to defend myself well if I were in danger (it helps a tiny bit though). When I was living on campus at my undergrad university a couple months ago, I would drive my boyfriend home every weekday night at around one in the morning. I live in a pretty safe area so I feel comfortable doing this. One night as I was coming back from dropping my boyfriend off, I stopped at a red light. I see this old man using a walker. He was going pretty slow while crossing the street. I didn't think much of it. As he's slowly crossing the street, I see him coming closer and closer to my car window. I kept thinking, there's no way this guy is coming closer to me. I awkwardly look at my phone and try ignoring him. I look back up and I can see the pain in his eyes and the effort it's taking to get to me. It's one in the morning, I'm pretty freaked. He finally gets to my car window and practically begs me for a ride. He's crying and he's incredibly desperate. I have no idea what to do. It's one in the morning. I'm questioning how the hell this old man got here, the buses stop running at 10pm. This guy could have totally been bait (so that I could drive him to his destination and have something happen to me like kidnapping or something. I don't know.) The light turns green. I lower my window and I apologize for not being able to help, and I drive away. There's a gas station at the corner where he was, so he could have gone there and asked for help. I don't know what happened after I drove home. I feel incredibly guilty about it. I don't know if I should have made assumptions or not about the whole baiting thing, but it was one in the morning and no one was around to help if something went wrong. Am I the asshole? I feel like an asshole a little bit. Poor old man."
2241,"AITA For Trying to re-initiate a relationship with a girl who stopped talking to me a while ago? About a year ago, I was working a summer job and met a girl there. She was super cute, really funny and seemed to have a genuine interest in almost everything I did. Every time she opened her mouth and spoke to me, it was the absolute highlight of my day. A few weeks after the summer job ended and I went back to my regular job, she just stopped talking to me entirely. I had no idea why. I would try and text her, and I used snapchat a few times as well, we had a 'streak' together (a streak is the number of days two users have kept in regular contact) but she never responded to me. I was thinking about her the other day, and it made me really sad that I had never been able to really do anything special with her, and I messaged her again. She responded last night and said she was super busy all the time and never had any time to do anything. She apologized for not being able to make time for me and said she would get back to me when she would be free to meet with me. That didn't really satisfy me, as I was a little pissed that she left me hanging for months without a legitimate answer as to why she cut off all contact with me. So I messaged her a few more times. Along the lines of ""I really, really would like to see you. If it's difficult for you to meet me somewhere, I'd be more than happy to drive out and get you"" and she said something like ""I would love to but I'm super busy"". Still upset. I said to myself: ""There's no way in hell that someone can have a schedule COMPLETELY 100% packed every single day, for like 7 months. I never took my anger to her, I came to her with more of a confused vibe. After a bit more talking, she just says ""I don't think it's gonna work out. Sorry."" So, I was wondering about messaging her again to truly understand why she might not want to see me/be with me, etc. In short, AITA for being possibly too pushy about this? Is it worth messaging her again to truly understand?? Any additional input from relationship experts would be very, very appreciated."
2242,"AITA for not inviting my best friend out to the bar? My best friend has a regular work schedule of 9 to 5 Monday to Friday. I’m a server who works inconsistent shifts throughout the week. Throughout our friendship, she’s never really been one to stay out super late; there have also been times when I’ve offered to meet up with our group of friends after work around 10:30-11pm, and she’s told me to not bother coming out since she’d rather be in bed by the time I’d be off work. For me, anything after 10pm is prime time to go out. Different lifestyles for different people, no biggie. Earlier last week, she asked me if I was free this weekend to go out/plan a girl’s night with our other friends. Unfortunately, I was scheduled to work 4 to close Saturday and Sunday, so I told her I’d be working. However, this past Saturday, my manager cut me around 9pm since we were slow, and I made it home by 10pm. Around 10:30 I received a text from two different friends asking me to come out to the bar, and having nothing better to do, I decided why not. I didn’t even think about texting my best friend because it was already 10:30 at night, and I wasn’t going to be ready to go out until 11pm. I just assumed she would have said no had I even sent her a late-night invite. She’s always been up for more structured plans, whereas I make plans a little more impulsively. Welp, I guess this was one of the times she would have been down to go out past 10pm. I sent her a drunk text telling her that I wished she was out drinking with me, and her response in the morning was “I thought you said you were working. I would have been down to go out, it’s weird/sucky to send that to someone when you didn’t even ask them to hang out.” I’m conflicted in the sense that maybe I shouldn’t have assumed she wouldn’t want to go out that late… but she has never once expressed interest in going out to a dive bar at 11pm with me. I’ve already explained my reasoning as to why I was out/why she didn’t get an invite/apologized to her for not being more considerate, but a pretty large part of me thinks she’s overreacting. Am I the asshole here? Should I have just invited her out regardless of the time? Should I be more conscientious in letting her know what my plans are as soon as I make them?"
2243,"AITA for not wanting to help support my MIL? I'm a military widow whose husband passed this year, so although things have been horrible over the past few months I'm financially OK. I take care of my mother (physically and financially) who has Alzheimer's and lives next door, and I just finished handling my stepdad's passing. No one else has helped with mom or stepdad over the years. I also am financially responsible for an adult son who is disabled, although we're still going through the process of getting social security disability for him. Here's my issue – my husband's sister has been pressuring me to give her $5k to pay for half of her mother's funeral. MIL is in good health, just old. My SIL is unhappy about how much she pays for supporting her mother, although she and her husband are very comfortably off. I don't think the expenses are much since she lives with them, eats very little and has health insurance. They're now building a 4,000 sq ft home in a gated community for their retirement. MIL gets social security and she owns a house in another country. Many years ago she put the house in my husband's name, and so now legally I have inherited it. I have suggested to my SIL that she keep records of her expenses, and I can sell the home, put the $ in an account for her mom, and SIL can reimburse herself and use the $ as she sees fit. She hemmed and hawed and told me her mother does not want to do that, although MIL also has dementia and will never return to that house. She's told me she's trying to get the house back into her mom's name now, and the only reason I can think she'd do that is she does not trust me. She's asked me to send her a copy of my husband's ID to help her with the process, and I don't see why not, because I don't care if she takes control of the house. She takes care of her mother and I'm not planning on keeping any of the proceeds from it. Bottom line, I don't feel obliged to help her out with her mother. I'm pretty sure she feels it's unfair that she's the only one helping her mom."
2244,"AITA if I don't think I owe my parents anything? ****i'm pretty sure lots of cultures have some version of filial piety so trust me my situation isn't that uncommon I'm just whiny I feel like my parents expect me to be totally obedient to them and to plan my entire life around their needs just because I ""owe them"" for existing. So far, I've had to take care of my brother for them (he's 10) and I'm also not allowed to go to my dream university program because then I'll be too far away from home for me to do stuff around the house like taking care of my brother. I also can't tell my parents whenever I'm sick or hurt because they get annoyed that I'm wasting their time/they don't believe me since they spend ""so much money and time"" on my wellbeing. Like I know my parents are really busy and they've sacrificed a lot for my brother and I so we can have everything we want and need but I still feel like it's really annoying that I basically have to repent forever for all that stuff."
2245,"AITA because I wanted to stick with the original plan? So I’m at college and haven’t seen one of my closest friends for like 2 weeks, just bc of scheduling and midterms etc. I had asked her to get dinner tonight at one of the dining halls a few days ago and she agreed, I even followed up this morning about timing. I texted her like 20 min before we were supposed to meet up and she told me she had forgotten and was gonna be at the library for a while and could we go to the food court which you need to use dining dollars for (you get $250 a semester with the meal plan). I didn’t want to because I’m saving them for when my bf comes to visit in a few weeks. She then bailed on dinner saying it was a waste of her time to walk all the way to the dining hall and walk back and couldn’t I just spend $7-8 on food closer to where she was. I ended up going to eat by myself, even tho I wanted to see her. So am I the asshole? She forgot the plans, and didn’t want to walk 5 min away... idk if I’m being stupid."
2246,AITA for suggesting my roommate neuter her cat? Her cat goes into heat every so often and it bothers me when it happens. She's an indoor cat and my roommate says she shouldn't have to get fixed just for our convenience. She's also expressed how she doesn't want her personality to change (even though I'm unsure how that happens) she's already had a litter that we had live with us for six months and ruined the place and I don't like the thought of it happening again or her being in heat at all. But am I being an asshole for suggesting this a lot even though she's so strongly opposed?
2247,"WIBTA If I Called My Grandfather To Ask About Inheritance? There has been a ton of drama in my family, and my mother has been in the middle of much of it. A few years ago three big things happened. My grandmother passed away, my grandfather got remarried, and my mother and grandfather got into a fight. Now, to keep a very long story short, my mother was living in one of my grandfather's houses to try to escape a bad situation and my brother moved with her. A mix of complicated family drama, and the introduction of a new step-mother, ended up exploding. This caused a fight with my brother and my mother moving out. On top of that, family members and the step-grandma had started to remove family heirlooms and some of the most valuable stuff disappeared. To protect what was left, my mother moved a large amount of heirlooms related to family history with her. I've been through it, and nothing I've come across had any monetary value. I've also talked to my grandfather and while he wasn't happy about it he didn't demand the items be returned. That said, the fight with my brother and mom, and her exit, made him angry enough to write my brother out of the will. Now, my mother has made several conflicting comments. She has said she might have also been written out of the will, and (to confuse everything else) all of her children might have been written out of the will. She has also said only my brother was written out. She has also said that I should expect a large amount of money from grandpa when he passes, but that may or may not depend on if his current wife survives him, and it may or may not depend on if my mom survives him (she has cancer). I have received a few heirlooms from my mother already, but now I am really confused about if I need to expect something else or not. I really want to call up my grandfather to get everything clarified. I have visited with him personally since the drama, and it was a happy meeting, but other than that distance and life has prevented me from calling regularly just to talk. Would I be an asshole to call my grandfather just to ask about possible inheritance? Thank you again, especially those that were sensitive to the situation and were kinder than others in their answers."
2248,"AITA for ruining our office Risk game? So we have this office Risk game going. It's pretty casual and lighthearted, not a whole lot of participants but that works out because we don't want to rotate the roster too much and give everyone a chance. Most of my coworkers know that I'm a bit of a stickler for rules, so when I see someone make a clearly unfair move, they're not surprised to hear me call them out. The following happened over the past week and has transpired to the point where I am creating a Reddit post to suss out the solution. Am I taking things too far, or do I have a legitimate complaint? First of all, I would like to point out the fact that the Risk manual has been sitting by the side of the Risk board and in eyesight of anyone playing the game for several months by now. Anyone unfamiliar with the rules could have caught up with them, and they are [even available online] I have slowly expanded across Europe, and a coworker of mine made some erratic decisions when we met in Greenland. After he forced me to fight, costing me tens of soldiers due to some crazy luck, we ended it there and he took North America. Long story short, my coworker expanded across South America, but I was able to take North America, which is what leads us to where we are now. I had finished my turn taking North America and fortified Mexico against Venezuela. He had started, laid down cards, and placed his entire new troop of 30 armies along with those already in Brazil, threatening Northern Africa. And then he sat for three days, but it is not unusual for us to take breaks, as I often take breaks on my turn as I try to analyze each one of my coworkers' plans in order to have the upper hand on the battlefield. Finally, he continued his turn, moving ten of the armies from where he had placed them in Venezuela up to Brazil, and attacked Northern Africa with his troops he had left in Venezuela, moving on to the rest of Africa. It was at this point where I looked at the game and saw what he had done. Those ten troops that he had moved to Venezuela, which I was planning to invade from Mexico on my next turn, should not have been there! As soon as he had laid his last army, *the armies laid are the armies played*, in terms I coined. His turn had ended the second he had laid his final army, three days before he continued his turn. My argument is that the second he finished laying his final army, he had concluded step one of the turn, i.e. [Receiving and Replacing Reinforcements] after which he may not move said armies until he'd hit step 3, ""Fortify Your Position."" I've agreed to continue to play -- as long as my opponent keeps his 10 troops in Venezuela without movement to Mexico --"
2249,"AITA for posting a stupid question in an AMA thread. In a recent AMA Thread in r/science i asked the person: ""What's the color of your underwear?"" I got immediately banned from the sub with the reason given ""rude"". Is it really rude to ask a silly question just for fun? I mean AMA is literally the acronym for ask me *anything*."
2250,"AITA for refusing to drive? at the moment i carpool with 3 other guys to work, we each take it one week at a time to drive to work, the drive takes about an hour. this week, on a Wednesday, a snowstorm hit the country, i refused to drive down during a snowstorm as it was extremely likely that work would be called off. so 2 of the guys took it upon themselves to drive down and when they got there they were told that work was called off for the rest of the week. because i got out of having to drive down for most of the week, 2 of the guys think i should have to drive down next week too whereas i don't think i should due to it not being my fault. we all get paid for the week regardless"
2251,"WIBTA For asking my friend to give the copy of a game I bought him back to me, so I can let someone else play it? A couple of months ago I bought a copy of a closed beta game for my friend, as me and him had both been following it for awhile and were excited about it. I bought the expensive copy of the game for myself, and bought the standard edition for him. I bought it with the intention of us playing together, but he never plays. I'd rather gift the copy of the game to someone that would actually play and enjoy the game, because I want the game to grow and gain more traction. I feel like I would be the asshole to ask someone to give a gift back, but the flip side is, he never plays it, so what's it matter to him? It feels wrong but it makes sense in a way. I just wanted to get other opinions before I did anything I might regret. E: thank you guys for the advice :)"
2252,"Wibta if I broke up with someone due to their weight? (This isn't something I'm going to do)My friend is in that situation. She met her boyfriend when she was obsese, and lost a lot of weight since then. He kept telling her she weight too much for him and it was offputting. Nearly everyone seems to call him an asshole, although some of my family members said he was reasonable. I have no idea if someone is an asshole for doing that. What do you think? TL;DR would a person be an asshole if they broke up with someone because of their weight, even if they went in to the relationship knowing what size they are?"
2253,"AITA For not wanting to play board games with my dad's girlfriend's son? Let me start off by saying that in general, I dont really have any problems with this kid. However, when it comes to board games I cannot stand him. It's a well known fact between both of our families that he consistently cheats in all games that we play (Catan, Monopoly, Risk, etc.), and when he doesn't win, he gets angry at the rest of us for not playing ""fairly."" It should be noted that we all play by the rules. Am I the asshole for not wanting to play with him?"
2254,"AITA for trying to save this girl? I hear her giggling with my roomie and his psychopathic best friend in the living room as we speak. Long, long story short is I'm a girl (21). My 2 roomies are guys (23-24). My ex was a literal psychopath who destroyed my life, the devastating effects of which I'm still recovering from almost a year later. My roomie is like a milder version of my ex but definitely of the same kind of manipulative, unstable, Dexter-like breed--you know exactly what I'm talking about... the person who says ALL the right things and is just so nice and charming all the time but something about them is... off. Vindictive. Evil. This girl senses it after like 2 weeks of dating him and came to the apartment crying one day to get her stuff and herself the fuck out of his life. At this point I didn't know her at all (just saw her around the apartment a few times) but I told her I could tell she's a smart, good girl and I don't want her or anyone to go through what I went through with my ex. So I let her in, she gets her stuff, and she asks me to console her... which I do for the next three hours. I cancelled dinner plans and bought her wine and listened to her, reassuring her she's NOT crazy for trusting her gut and that I'll support her if she needs it. I didn't want to get involved at ALL but after many, many miscommunications, misunderstandings, and fucking masterful manipulative tactics from my psycho roomie, he's managed to convince everyone involved I just LOOOVE stirring shit up and made all of this happen purely to fuck around... (projection anyone??). He's turned the other roomie against me (who's actually a great guy, just genuinely dumb) but who the fuck cares I helped this girl, right? Nope. She blocked me and went crawling back to him. She apologized to him for letting me ""put"" those thoughts in her head and was grateful he never gave up on her. I would write out exactly what happened but I'm honestly so exhausted... just trust me that this guy is mentally unstable. Maybe I'll write it out in a post if enough people ask. I wouldn't say he's a sociopath for sure but DEFINITELY is a manipulative menace... and his best friend is 10000% a Charles Manson type kind of crazy who partook in this mess. My angel of a mother is my best friend and she knew exactly what I went through with my ex. When I told her about how I tried to save this girl, she told me I was being an idiot and would only get the blame shifted onto me - I'd be an easy scapegoat. And she was right. But I can't help weep for this poor girl. The day I realized my texts weren't going through to her phone and she blocked me, I immediately knew what had happened. After all this drama"
2255,"AITA if I refused to let my classmates copy my homework? We have this class wherein the instructor gave us a manual to read and summarize as our homework. It was a lot but I was able to summarize it. We only met every Tuesday and Thursday and it was given on a Thursday. The weekend went by and when Monday came, I was surprised to discover that only a few of us had done it. Among us was this A-lister group of friends who only kept their work to themselves. My friends, however, were not able to do it or were too lazy to do it during the weekend. They asked me if I had done it already and since I usually allow them to copy my homework for other classes (only the easy ones like definitions from the dictionary and the internet), I already knew they were planning to do the same with this one. I didn't want to because it was a personal summary and I had a hard time doing it since it consumed my entire weekend. I said I wasn't able to do it. I felt their doubt since they knew I was responsible when it came to academics. However, they weren't the only ones who asked me. There was also this other group who were my classmates from the previous semester who knew I was doing good at school. I also said the same to them and one of them asked, ""Really?"" and another had the nerve to speculate that I was just being selfish. I was lucky they didn't check the folder I always brought to school. On Tuesday, the class started and our instructor started collecting our work. My friends didn't have any and so did my classmates from the previous semester. As I submitted mine, I felt really heavy since homework was 15% out of 100 for that class but I told myself that I had to draw the line sometimes. So, what do you guys think?"
2256,"AITA for not wanting to babysit a family i’ve been loyal to for years Last year, I babysat for a family at least once a week, for averaging about 8 hours a week. Now I’ve started high school, and my life has changed drastically. Academically I have a more work, socially I’m going out more and that takes up my Friday’s and Saturday’s, and I’ve also joined a very intense sports team, and I’m up at 4am 7 days a week. Due to all this, I can’t babysit nearly as much as I could, and I also don’t want to- the kids are 10 and take so much energy to handle. Though, I have told the parents many times that I have other commitments, they ask me week after week to come back. I feel like an asshole for saying no, especially because I do babysit sometimes for another family that I don’t have as much history with just because I like the kids better. What do you think?"
2257,"AITA for puking at a house party ? So I was invited to an apartment party with a group of more or less 30 people I don't know particularly well. As the party went on I was drinking quite a bit but I was looking pretty normal. The problems started after smoking weed since I started feeling sick. I sat on a couch and after a while I threw up on the floor, then I headed towards the bathroom. I threw up on a wall entering the bathroom and once in there I washed my face and used the toilet. After that I kind of apologized to the hosts, told my friends I was ok, and walked home. I did not clean anything up and i feel really bad for who had to do it. Am I the asshole for throwing up in the apartment in front of everyone ?"
2258,AITA for liking gentrification? Rundown and shabby neighbourhoods get nice businesses and city bikes and just a general improvement.
2259,"AITA for thinking that monitoring the children at lunch is the teacher’s job? I just got this email from my kids school: “XYZ Elementary is in desperate need of Lunch Room Monitors for our school for the remainder of this school year. Currently these roles are being fulfilled by our teachers and this is taking away from their own personal lunch hours.” Isn’t that the teachers’ job? I would love to have volunteers come into my job and do it for me, too. But that’s why I have the job, so I can do the work and get paid. I frequently skip lunch when I’m busy at work. No big deal. Grab a snack on the move. Eat a big dinner. Whatever. I would never ask for someone to come do my job for me so I could have a lunch hour. I know some teachers go all out for their students and that’s awesome. But the idea that they need help because they need a lunch hour...I don’t know. It just rubs me the wrong way somehow. Many professionals work long hours and are underpaid. I frequently put in 12 hour days w/o complaint. Why do teachers get free helpers? Note: I’m the son of a teacher and husband of a teacher so I have a lot of sympathy for them in general, esp. the low pay and long hours. They’re also highly satisfied with their careers so it’s a trade off. I’m justified in my anger (probably) at being asked to volunteer but not for the reason I thought. As many pointed out, it’s not the teachers I should be focused on but the district for not providing enough personnel so that teachers can have a reasonable work life and probably the state for lack of funding. Thank you for your aggressive yet helpful comments. I am a little bit better, more understanding man for it."
2260,"AITA for Recording our arguments? My wife and I have been together for over 10 years, but for the last few our relationship has been suffering. I'm afraid we don't have very much in common anymore (as far as interests and activities, wants, etc.), and it has been partly the cause of some friction. What I'm coming to realize now is that she is incredibly controlling and stubborn, and I am afraid she may be gas-lighting me without actually meaning to. As our arguments got worse, ""we"" decided it would be a good idea for me to go see a therapist. You see, after arguing for a few hours and feeling completely unheard or acknowledged, while being interrupted constantly, I would explode, get loud, and say hurtful things. So I went to a therapist in order to work on those ""scary anger issues"". I'd like to say that these ""hurtful things"" were bottled up criticisms from our past, i.e. ""You constantly interrupt me"", ""you have hypocritical double-standards"", etc. After going to see her for a year, my therapist says that my wife should be in therapy. Granted, she had only heard from me, but god that was validating. Shortly thereafter the therapist goes on maternity leave. I noticed that the therapy wasnt helping me very much, and in fact was making me more upset because all I would do is complain about my wife, then get tools (that didnt work) to help with the arguments; so when she came back from maternity leave I discontinued seeing her. Fast forward some time and now I'm just getting depressed and anxious pretty often. I start having panic attacks on my way home, thinking about having to deal with her, ""what if shes in a bad mood, etc."" And so, I decided to get on zoloft to see if that would help (and it really has). Now it is a lot easier for me to let things go, and we don't argue nearly as much. However, we do still of course have our occasional spates, and I still feel REALLY bad after, even though I don't really blow up anymore. So then, I started recording our arguments without her knowledge. I legitimately wanted to re-listen when I get to a calmer place, and see what I can do better going forward. And while there are a lot of things I can work on, I'm starting to think of these recordings as proof that I am actually not crazy. Does that make me an asshole? FYI we are in a single-party consent state. tl;dr - Started recording arguments with my wife so I could do better, think she might be gas-lighting me and now I think of them more as evidence that I'm not going crazy"
